Okay.
Yay! Finally! Jeez!.
This.
I'm really glad we don't run hospital or
stuff like that, because you know,
Thanks.
entering an OR and all, let's reboot it.
It's not cool.
Yes.
That would really freak me out.
Yeah, alright,. Sorry we're late, here.
Let's go ahead and we'll just jump right
into it. Who wants to get going first?.
If there's no volunteers, I can I can go.
Yeah, go for it.
All right.
So I recorded a video, again,
because some of these things take a while
to set up. So just be smooth there.
There's no audio,
I'm going to talk over it. And to start,
I'm going to recap a bit from where I was
last week.
So for the digital twin universe,
think about it as a way for,
take anything you build, whether you know,
it's resolve or something else you're
working on, Amplifier itself.
This, the digital twin,
lets you spin up a completely isolated
digital twin, let's call it,
and it gets set up on demand and it
provisions all the things that you need
for AI and yourself to go and interact
with it as if it were like deployed as
close as you can to the real.
real world.
And this is solving basically the problem
where AI claims, hey, this thing,
this thing works perfectly fine,
but you give it to someone and then it
just, it falls apart, right?
So where it was at last week was we had a
few different key features that let you
use it with amplifier.
Let you use it well for amplifier
development itself. So, you know,
for example,
let's say you want to develop a module,
a tool, or whatever,
you could pull that down into Giddy,
make all of your changes locally without
touching any of the actual repos.
You could override PyPy,
so like you need this for amplifier core
and all.
and all that stuff,
you could override different URLs.
But then when it came to actually
provisioning the software, it worked,
all of it thinks as if it were talking to
real GitHub, real everything.
So like your installation of the software
doesn't change in this digital twin,
which makes it really a nice,
really clean split.
for when you go and test it. So like here,
this is the amplifier running in the
digital twin, and I injected some changes,
and you can see that it's picking up
those changes. But like to me,
when I'm using it,
it's as if these changes were actually
deployed out into the real world.
So it just gives you that really like
nice.
you're really sure that when you go and
use this through the Digital Twin,
that's how it will look if you actually
go and deploy those things.
But now what if you made an app that
relies on an integration with something
external like Slack? Previously last week.
I basically didn't handle that case.
You know, you'd still have to go in,
Yeah.
go to Slack, go and make your account.
And that was all the issues of, you know,
first, it's manual effort. To like,
you can only make so many accounts.
It takes time, all those things, right?
So what I did as an example.
is Brian pointed me to the Slack,
the Slack integration of amplifier he
built about a month ago.
So I used that as my example.
for kind of motivating some of this.
And what I ended up with is basically,
we're at this point where as long as a
mock service exists, you can point,
you can, using the bundle as an example,
you can be like, hey, amplifier, go.
Go look at this thing I built.
In this case, let's just,
it's Brian's thing that he built,
but you know,
you can imagine it being anything.
Now go make me this digital twin universe
that will let me try it out with the mock
slack. And what it ends up giving you,
giving you is this.
So here I even pre-populated with.
A bunch, a bunch of data,
but you can basically click,
click through, and I'll show you,
show trying it in a second, as if,
as if it were using the exact,
exact slack. So, what,
so what Amplifier did under the hood here
is basically given it,
it basically goes and explores the thing
that was built, so in this case, Brian's.
Amplifier Slack integration.
It'll then go and create a digital twin
profile for it.
And then also it'll go and start up for
you and give you a URL that you can go to
with this data, even pre-populated.
And the key thing here is that I didn't
make a single change to Brian's original
code. It's just.
running as is.
It thinks as far as it's concerned,
it's talking to actual Slack,
but in reality,
it's talking to this local integration
that we didn't have to do anything to set
up for us.
See, out here,
I'm sending a message and then it pops
into the thread view,
which I think is how Brian intended it to
work by default.
It's also calling anthropic so you can
see how the quality of responses are.
Then another thing you can do with this
is, let's say, just as a hypothetical,
right,
the bot isn't replying to you as you want
it. So what this lets you do is be like,
go Amplifier,
go try these three different things,
make some simulated users for me,
and then let me try out those four,
show you four different ways.
Of using it,
so I can imagine if these were four
different features, features or versions,
four different data sets,
and then also I hooked up,
I hooked up some testing to this that you
probably couldn't do with the actual
Slack,
where it's going in and like injecting
different messages,
and I can do this because I control,
I control that Slack service.
So here I have it send four different
messages and it's,
you can have it trying out like a whole
bunch of different versions.
And these are all fully isolated,
separate from each other.
And you're not relying on making four
different Slack workspaces or even
accounts.
That's one thing.
I'll pause there if there's any comments
on that.
Hey, David.
Yeah.
I made a, I so like,
there's a fun thing that I was...
Kind of inspired by your work here.
Like in the last week,
Mm.
I was playing around with trying to
improve UI Studio and like thinking about
like the convergence stuff.
And then I was like, hey,.
I needed something that's kind of
realistic.
And I just like had it generate like.
Go look at the top 50 sites,
like apps in the world,
and just try to replicate it all.
And it replicated something like a
Ohh.
Twitter thing and then a Slack thing.
And like a ChatGPT thing.
And I was thinking about your scenario,
which is.
Okay,. So if I actually had that,
then I should have my own slack and a
slice of the Internet of whatever kind,
any service that I can control for
whatever purpose I want in this universe.
And so like,
you're actually just demonstrating
exactly my...
My thought there.
So this is really helpful.
Are you thinking of like anything else
that would be useful here?
What is the purpose here for the slack
thing then for you?.
Yes, so, so imagine,
so it it was it was it stems,
maybe Brian can talk about it too,
but it stems from in resolve,
it creates something for you and then we
don't have a great we didn't have a great
isolated way of then testing it and
launching it, right? So,
like imagine if if resolve build build
something for you,
You.
Yeah.
it could then have an agent.
That's like, hey, look at it separately,
right? Looks outside at what was built,
builds this profile for you, right?
And then what if, what if,
what if what it built requires like
external services, right?
That's like right now what you would have
to do as the user is like,
go set those up for this thing.
Right, and then, like,
those have all different kinds of
constraints with this,
if if we have a mock service set up,
and I have, I have,
I'll show at the end where we can
contribute these things,
or like we just find them if other people
have built them,
and so then Amplify will set up the
profile, it'll automatically launch it,
and then basically give you just one URL,
like what based on what you built,
it'll give you one.
Like entry point,
where you can actually just test it fully,
um, completely right, and I'm just using,
I'm just using Brian's as a example, but..
Yeah, you're.
I see you're thinking about it for
.
testing.
I'm actually thinking I want to live in a
in a designed slice of an Internet for
myself, like, like, I,. Like,.
Dee.
Let's say I want to,
and then I can ingest whatever data I
You, you, you could do that.
actually want it to. Actually, even see,
like,. Let's say I don't like ads.
Like, I had to have a,.
I can have a whole entire experience of
Mhm.
an Internet the way that I want to have
communicated.
Yeah, you could,
you could totally do that. It's 'cause,
Like, for me, like, I live in this, like,
yeah.
yeah,
'cause underneath it's just a virtual,
it's basically a virtual machine that
that this is spinning up every time.
Listen, listen.
That's right,. That's right. Like,.
Bring back the main,.
It just, it's, it's, it has some, I've,
yeah, go.
This is an early Internet for me, man.
Yeah, I mean, the main intent was like,
you know, he's got browser bundle,
browser just mentioned on there,
like we already have seen the experience.
Like,. If you tell it, like,
go run this in the browser as the user,
and like,
don't give it to me until you've like
walked through these different scenarios
and so on. Like,.
What you get back is, like,
those things work,.
And if it doesn't do that, like,
you're the one doing that. Testing,
and so, like,.
How do you expand that beyond just those
scenarios, yeah, into the ones like, hey,.
We had to go integrate With,. You know,
G Suite and M365 and Slack, yeah,
and all these other things. Too, like,
either, like, as David Said,. Like,.
You have to spend up all this.
Accounts and all that other stuff.
And then because of the fact that it's so
easy for these things to now go build out
just enough of it, like the APIs are well,
known, experiences are well known,
things like that,
that it can do all of that for you in a
way that's reliable enough that it
transfers when you switch over to that.
And so building up a collection of them,.
And that's what David was just mentioning,
like, you know,
having a spot where we can go to,
you can go,
these are the ones that we've built so
far.
And so some of them, you know,
initially will spin up some more as we
need them.,
But even that is going to be more of the
practice of like, as we do a few of them,
it starts to,
you start to see what the patterns are.
So we can start doing a little bit more
like,
can you make a proactive gap filled
attempt of like, oh,?
Here's one we haven't done yet.
We need it for today. Like, can we get it,
whether it's spinning it out as a side.
You know, quick, go pause, go build that,
get that tested, bring that in, uh,
or so on,
like more and more of these pieces are
probably what we're doing.
One of the things I wanted,
this is really cool,
but one of the things I want from this is
like the step after this where you
automate as much of the testing in the
digital universe as possible, right?
It.
Yep.
Like I find that like when I run a dev
machine, it like,
Yep.
it'll think it's done and dump a bunch of
work in my lap.
Yes.
Yep.
to like go validate it.
And I actually just went and did a bunch
of tuning to the foundry to like
understand user intention better.
And so like the machine doesn't really
end like to get a more complete demo
Yeah.
built before it claims that it's done.
And it'd be great to be able to like
Yeah.
incorporate this into those machines
where it's like it can really like.
It.
Do you full testing in a digital universe?
I guess I should just go add that to the
S.
Yeah, so the.
ES.
Yeah, let me, no, yeah, no, let me,
let me, let me show you.
Foundry, or you can if you want.
So the other thing I did was I took
Samuel's amplifier chat, had it make a,
so I mean,
this problem's probably really small,
but I basically, I told it,
I told it to make a profile here,
I'm telling it to use that profile and
then use the browser tester sub-agent.
Right.
And what it's going to do,
it's going to spin up that universe.
And then it's going to do, yeah, go ahead.
Like, like, what I want to try to do is,
like, have the foundry do this,
but in a general way,
what you're about to describe,
Yeah.
but in a general way, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yep. Yeah,. We're working on those.
Yeah, so here, here I asked it right,
but you could,
you could imagine other other entry
points and here it pulled up,
pulled up amplifier chat, sent a message.
It's gonna look at,
it's gonna look at what was produced and
then in another one it comes back,
it's gonna be like, ohh,
it actually it actually worked.
Here's the URL to try it like in.
like in this case.
So like all those pieces to do what you
want to do are pretty much here now.
We just need them in an experience.
So.
What we've been doing, Sam,
is we've been putting all the parts into
place,
and then we did them all in ways that
they're individually still useful for
other scenarios, also, but they're all,.
That's the scenario that's driving the
need for each of these.
Okay.
And so where you can use it today is more
you could bring in that bundle and you
could have your piece do more of the,
like,.
Here are the things I want you to
evaluate to test through that.
If you want to expand that list, you know,
one of the things we thought about was
Yeah, I just like...
like,
take the users list and then figure out
what the gaps are, add, you know,.
Ten times as much, whatever.
Yeah, I'm like super lazy though,
because like what I just want to be able
Sure.
to like have the machines like understand
what my intention is,
figure out what the set of things are
that it needs to test,
go build those into the universe and just
do it itself, right? Like I want to,
I don't want to,
when it comes back and says it's done,
That's what I mean.
Yigit.
I want it to be all the way done.
And what I would love to be able to get
Yeah.
Oh, I done.
is like a demo in a.
Digital universe or something where I'm
just like, okay, I can play with this.
Yeah.
I have to configure anything.
And since you're since you're driving
that kind of behavior in Dev Machine,
you could have Dev Machine do that,
or if you give us, you know,
what the time to finish up what we're
working on,
the next pieces that we're bringing in
are the next bundle,
the layer on top of this that does both
that decomposition of your incoming
requests into, like what things should be.
Try it out, and...
I'm not in a rush,
I'm just saying like that's the ambition.
Yep, for 100%.
Like you guys can take your time to
finish it, but like,
that's what I would love,
because that's my pain point right now is
like the dev machines are easy to start
but hard to finish,
Yep, David.
and it's largely this problem.
Yeah.
They mayor, that's what drove This,.
And so that's why we're building that.
Boom.
Yeah.
A couple, just to wrap up. One thing,
one thing I realized is that, yeah, yeah,
Yeah.
I built this for like,
for like the use case we just talked
about,
but it's actually a really easy way to
just give someone a profile and then have
them try the thing that you built.
So like Samuel Lee's thing,
once I made the profile,
Yeah.
all it is is just that one prompt that I
can literally see it working.
I actually have another example today
where I tried it with OpenClaw because
I'm motivated because it'll help make
some mocks.
So like I literally just in a couple of
prompts had it spin up OpenClaw and like
I can use it in the universe.
So it's like it's like a super easy way
St.
just to share things that have built them
like you know.
Oh, nice.
It'll work because it's in this separate
environment, and then the other,
There's your demo stereo.
the other thing.
Sorry, go. Sorry, I didn't hear you,
Brian.
Oh, I see, that's a demo scenario,
but that Sam was just asking about,
because like,
and then you can spin it up for you to go
try.
Yeah, exactly.
And like you can pre-provision with data
If.
and things and things like that. Oh,
and the other thing I want to call out is
kind of what Ken was getting at is I have,
I have a like there is there is a hard
part here where for every service you
want to integrate with,
we need a mock and sometimes they don't.
already exist in the community.
Like I don't think there's a good one for
Mmh.
Slack. So I made in the,
right now it's in the digital twin
universe.
I made a doc that tells you the structure
that these mocks need to have and then
just a list of the base community ones,
S.
which is right now just mine.
So if anyone makes, if anyone makes it,
makes one, just add it.
added in here and they don't have to be
great to start with.
It's just something in there that we can
have. Yeah, so that's there.
On the making of the mocks,
while I was making the Slack one,
I did realize that if I just pointed at
the documentation,
it never will get it right.
It's hard for it to get it right on the
first try.
So what I actually did was take Brian's
working app that I know works against
Slack and then have it implement the mock
against that. So then I know when I pull,
Yeah.
when I pull.
So basically then I know that it's
actually implemented Slack correctly,
because I know Brian's app already worked
with the real Slack, if that makes sense.
So that's kind of what motivated me to
spin up OpenClaw,
because I know it works with all these
different connectors and stuff.
Big.
I can then have it build mocks against
those connectors rather than me having
like figure out.
You know, let me set up these 10 services.
I can just build it against the open
clause integration of them. I don't know.
Yeah, that's basically like that shortcut.
And as we figure out these tricks,
we'll drop these in as skills so that
then they can use them as techniques for
building out MOX first faster.
A lot of this also was inspired by some
of the stuff we saw Strong DM do along
these lines where like they built up what
they needed from G Suite in a day by
using these techniques.
But they also said things like anything
that's got like an RFC,
like you just drop it in and be like,
go build the thing.
And stuff like that, so, like, they're,
you know, depending upon what it is,
you know, a lot of these things, you know,
could be very easy or, like David said,
it might just be more like a,
it's not as easy, but if you spend a day,
but then once we have it, the reuse,
the value of being able to go, like, hey,
anytime we need that thing and we want to
spin up 100 of.
Them.
Without, you know, punch on their APIs,
waiting for their service,
all that kind of stuff, like,
that's easy enough.
So, like,. So why I mentioned that?
I would love to live in the world in a
universe is, say, like,?
We're really blocked a lot in our company
by, like MSIT or WHATEVER,.
But let's say we're kind of also beholden
by MSIT about like, or whatever, like, by,
like the test tenant and stuff like their
policies.
So we can't really live in that universe,.
But what if we can carve out one where
let's say, a group can live in,
and then you can say in this thing,
it can send out real stuff out.
If you wanted to,
but it will go through some kind of
judgment or something that will filter
things out for you.
But the data can be real and we can
actually live in it.
And if you go to this alternate Slack or
alternate Teams thing, First off,
whatever you generate is going to be
faster than whatever the actual thing is.
And then you can still use the real Teams
to do calls. If you really wanted to.
But then the data is real and you can
actually grab the transcripts or whatever.
So you can,
you can kind of develop with real-ish
data that the team can be using.
In this universe.
It's kind of an interesting idea. Like,
it's not just for, to me,.
When I look at this, not just for testing,
it's like...
It's a great playground for, yeah,
for many purposes.
Well,
that's why I had to build it as a
separate, so that we can, you know,
like a lot of our parts,.
It's so good, yeah.
Like a lot of our parts can be reused for
other things, too., So,.
We'll build them for a specific goal,
but then they're open. For, yeah,.
If you see something, else. Cool.
It's super cool.
Thanks, David.
Let's go.
Next.
Bar is high. I will lower the bar.
Good.
The...
Let me just share my screen.
I guess I'm not even.
Paul asked in the chat about like from
here being able to deploy,
that is another one that we have on the
radar as well,
and is on Paul's list of things after his
current projects,.
And that's coming in June.
So this week I've been the security
janitor for the team.
And I just wanted to show one thing
really quickly.
Play Aditi.
Did you share your screen?.
Oh, am I not?.
No.
Sure.
Which is this?.
And I'm running it in PowerShell,
so I can't scroll up anymore,
which annoys me because that's what I
want to show you.
But this is a service by DevDiv called
Agency.
And it's essentially like clog code,
but plugged into all of the Azure
services back end.
They claim they have 30,
000 users of it within the organization,
which not much. That seems excessive.
Yeah.
They've been pushing it.
Yeah.
But yeah, I mean,
it's definitely been out there.
I joined.
They've been pushing it. So, you know,
in the past,
when doing all of the security tickets,
this would have taken me weeks to do kind
This.
of what I was doing,
because it involves a lot of.
Trying to figure out like the S 360
website doesn't even like really tell you
what service it is unless you drill down
and figure out what it's referring to.
And then the remediation stuff that it
gets like opens another window.
And then sometimes it overwrites the
window.
So then you have to go back every time it
takes like 15 to 20 seconds to load.
Like when it gets to the remediation,.
It's a general like remediation page,
not even related to your thing.
Don't forget to put on username.
Yeah, you have to have your VPN on,
you have to like, it's just like insanity.
And then you have to go back and forth
with support people,
That's funny.
even figure out like what is the actual
issue on this one,
like which service does it pertain to.
And then when you go on to remediate it,
you have to go through all of the Azure.
Kind of back end and figure out like,
Okay, which of these, like,?
Where do I even find that specific
setting? Like,?
Does that setting change it?.
I don't know.
What effects does it have on other stuff?
Like, literally,
this would take weeks to deal with all of
these things. I got behind in the last.
Few months on this stuff,
so I had a bunch of stuff piled up,.
So I'm like, okay,.
I'm gonna try this agency thing.
It ripped through all of them in a way
that you would hope, you know,
in a very similar way to how Amplifier
rips through for US coding and doing some
of these things.
Because it has access to Azure,.
It was able to...
Actually,
like literally what I did in this is I
started the whole session on Monday was
saying like, hey,
I have S 360 and I have a bunch of
tickets to do. I want you to help me.
It already knows what S 360 is.
It already knows like, and it's like,
sure,. What's the first one?.
And then I spent.
The next, you know, several days on this,
just pasting one more after the other,
going through all of them.
And then I went through all the S360
stuff. I went through all the ICM,
incident management, stuff.
And all I would do with each of these,
I'd be like, I don't know,
they're giving me this thing with this
subject line that says like local auth
needs to be disabled.
And it's like, which services? I'm like,
I don't know.
And then so it would go query the our
Azure subscription, find the right things,
be like, oh,
it's related to these two things. Be like,
great, fix that. And be like, okay,
you need to do whatever. And.
This last one that I'm showing on the
screen right here is the last one,
which was one of David's resources of VM.
He stood up to do the.
The background about.
What's it called? Yeah,.
So it runs the evals.
Those are the email jobs to be on,
I think.
But.
One of the things that Azure says is like,
oh,. We shouldn't have like, you know,
default outbound stuff anymore.,
So they flagged us for that.,
But it's like,. I'm like, so it found it.
It said like, yeah,
you need to switch this. And I was like,
okay, won't that, if we turn that off,
won't it? Like break his evals thing?.
It's like, yeah,.
Like what are we supposed to do?
And it's like, well,
you could do like a VPN or a, you know,
an outbound like Gateway,
a Nat gateway service.
That'll cost you like 25 bucks a month or
whatever.
I was like, great, go set that up.
And it's like, okay, so it did it,
turned it off. And then I was like, great,
.
Now verify that that VM still has
outbound access.
So then it like actually logged into the
VM,
ran an outbound connection command
against it, and then,. You know,
Umesh.
verified it.
So I just wanted to give people kind of a.
..
A state of the world out there with some
of the stuff.
So 2 questions on that. One,.
Do you think it's safe?
Save me tons of time.
Route for us to be able to use for, like,.
If we do have Azure Resources that we
I do.
wanted to spin up, and then secondly,
does this...
Much safer than what we're doing.
Why, why?.
Well,
I encourage people not to do it with any
Yeah.
of the tools. So, I mean,
that's great if that's,
but the other would be, does it seem,
or have you,?
Will it do things in the way that will
not put things back on the list for a 360
Hush.
stuff?
Meaning is it aware of those kind of
restrictions?
I don't know, so, so the,.
Okay.
Well, I know it's a moving target,
but I'm wondering, like,.
Are they keeping that context up?,
That'd be really awesome, 'cause being...
That would be great if they were.
I wouldn't be surprised if they are
because it like,
it definitely knew what S360 was without
It would make sense.
me saying anything about it.
Yeah.
I mean, if not, at least if it can, like,
you get it stood up,.
It's no worse than us doing it ourselves
and not being aware,
and that it can fix it when it comes
across the next day.
Because I'd love to see, like,
you not have a stack that piles up,
that people who spin things up can then
be responsible for it,
but also not have to have that deep
knowledge of all the things that you've
had to learn to do that.
And so this can help us all with that.
What would be helpful?
Maybe is then just a small document or
something that's like,.
How to get this up and running and things
you've learned, you know,.
Things like that., Yeah,
and they do have an ADO integration into
this.
But I actually.
Don't know if we use ADO at all. So,
but that gives you an actual plugin UX.
Okay.
That kind of looks similar to some of the
stuff that you've been doing for like
background services.
So you can actually tell it to go off and
do things,
and it manages it like a fleet of things
where you can do multiple things at a
time.
It's not terrible to have ADO dedicated
to doing.
So, my head.
Deployment, the question I always have is,
I guess,
like maybe feedback of like how we do
things where this is very imperative,
like, so you would, you would just, you,
you are managing changes through an AI,
Probably.
probably a better way is declarative.
On your stack that you want,
and then you would have something that
would actually examine what you're what
you want to deploy eventually,
and and then examine, or what.
Yeah, that would be great for DevDiv, but.
Are the other?.
Whole S360 initiative right now that's
been being driven for the last year and a
half, like it doesn't work. It's on the,.
It's on the tail end.
They're, I know they're like prodding,
yeah,. They're prodding and resources.
And then all they do is give you stuff,
you know, so it's like,
and they're modifying, you know, they.
They do it in waves, where it's like,.
Here's a whole new wave of changes that
we care about now that need to be done in
the next couple of months. So it's not,.
If you were talking about just like new
infrastructure,
then I would totally declare this. Yeah,
which is again.
You could.
Coming up soon.
So whatever you have now,
I think we should probably download all
the YAML or whatever,
the JSON representation.
I think you can download a bicep of
everything that we've deployed and
organize it.
Everything that we mean to deploy should
be.
We can actually.
Convert something that is out there right
now into the declarative code state now
and actually be able to.
Run that against this thing more
holistically. So then the next time,
when we do the next thing that looks like
a thing that we've done before,
it would be something that is from a
template, like a bicep thing,
and you'd be like, oh, yeah,.
You want another app,? You want to host.
Like,. Here's how you do that.
If it doesn't do it by itself, right?.
Yeah, yeah, like...
This, this, like,. You kind of hoping,
whatever,. I don't know what the harness.
Is,. What? Models, like,. I don't know,
like...
They use either anthropic.
Talk code. Not talk.
But I'm, but I'm hoping that they,
you know, what I would be like, oh,.
I'm hoping that this knows everything and
like, I.
I don't really have any questions.
Right?. So,.
So I did all this with Copilot actually,
because I was wanting to test the Copilot
Yeah.
1 too.,
So this is not using the anthropic one.
It did all of.
This with Copilot.
Interesting.
That's great. Yeah,.
I totally agree with you. And like,.
As we evolve and we figure out like, yes,
we do want Cosmos DBS, you know, often,
or we do want web services often,
then this plus would make it very easy.
Play this little twin universe.
But like, I think what you're describing,
we can pull into an amplifier bundle.
Yes, to do all of.
That was good. My other question is,.
For us, and.
I thought that's what you're doing.
Maybe like you're deploymentary, yeah.
Like, if you...
A deployment target, something like that,
I.
Think. Yes, my other question is like,
could we integrate,
could we have amplifier engage with this
to drive this?.
That's, yeah, I mean,
if you got Amplifier into Agency,
then they could make the bundle for Azure
and for all of.
Our internal services.
Or this could be something that Amplifier
Wu.
could drive, would be another option.
So this is a tool for Amplifier. Yeah.
Yeah, either way, yeah.
Yeah, that would be,.
I mean, that's that's the open claw.
Easiest instead of, yeah,.
That's a great idea.
Way,.
So the open controller,
so the open claw way, like I have.
I have a plugin for open claw for
amplifier,.
Mm.
And what it does?
Is it open claw then has a skill that
downloads it has a very thin CLI that is
just enough for it to like drive an
amplifier.
Bundled experience to do things.
And then So what it does is OpenClaw,
then whatever model it's using,
will call this and then get all of the
amplifier benefits from that.
And what it does is it looks back at the
configuration for the models for OpenClaw
and then uses that for the providers for
the amplifier session.
So you get whatever the user's already
provisioned.
And then it can from there,
use all of our, you know,
recipes and skills and all that other
kind of stuff.
And then So what ends up happening is
open claw,
which is more of a just like it fires
things off and keeps working for you,
allows it to be like, hey,
send this over this harder,
bigger thing over the amplifier to work
on.
And then it's constantly checking in like,
Oh yeah, it's still working on that.
And you can get usually done all the
things.
I wonder if there's a similar kind of
like that model that you could do
something like that with us, yeah.
Yeah, totally,
and then that would like free us up from
having to do anything related to getting
access to the back end systems and wiring
them up and putting the knowledge exactly
in, and yeah, yeah, I love that.
Cool, OK.
Maybe put that on your backlog as a...
Let me circle back to.
Thank you.
Yeah, they.
An agency bundle, I guess.
Yeah.
All right, let's go next.
Sorry, I thought that was going to.
Be a lot shorter.
Those are interesting, OK.
I'll do a short one and the bar will be
lower too. I think this week I've been...
I'll do a short one and the bar will be
lower too.
Okay.
I think this week I've been...
Catching myself that I was over
engineering something that could not need
it. The design it has.
So for team knowledge work,
last week I shared that to you guys.
There's a CLI that does all the
generation,
it does all the dot graph creation.
It works.
For V0, but it's not.
It's not great because now you have a
client to maintain,.
The client has to update,
and the client has to dig through things,
and I have to manage all this
auto-install when you use the bundle so
that the client is available for you,
so you don't need to know anything else.
So, the so last week I on...
I walked with,. I sat with a few people,
Ken, Manoj,
Mark was onboarding onto Team Knowledge,.
So we have those things.
Sam also added some of his capabilities
in there,
but then I was noticing all the friction
that they were all going through,.
So the decision that I...
It's a hard decision.
It is just to quickly pivot.
That was the call I made this week,
and right now it's still running with
superpower to rebuild it.,
So it's going to be fully just leveraging
tools and hooks,
tools as in like recipes and tool modules,
because that is...
That could work.
I don't need another client to manage
this. And then now we don't need like, oh,
.
Your client does not have the dot runner
or dot file generation.,
So that's why when some people ran their
generation,
it did not include the dot files in it.
So problems like that.
I think I was a little.
Late in this, but...
It finally happened,
so I'm just making the pivot now.
And I'll share more update when I have it
ready. Ready.
It's still building it at the moment.
To piggyback on that one a little bit,
I shared this out in the announcements.
No.
But the making progress on doing more dot
representation,
the different pieces that I talked about
last week,
because of the value of them being the
dense representations and so on,
it worked really, really well for recipes.
So you can see, here's an example of the.
Diagram for actually discovering recipes
and reducing the dot files.
But if you go into,
so now what I've got is I've got a script
that runs, well, this one,
that the enhancing the labels is the only
model part, the rest of it's all code,
so it's very quick, very cheap.
It's using a haiku or whatever your fast
model is configured.
For doing the labels.
And then it's wired in now to the recipe
author,
and then the validator also compares it,
makes a hash of the recipe so that it can
know when it's changed,
so that we can then trigger like, oh,.
The diagram needs to be revisited.
And then it's wired into the recipe
validation bundle,
which that is also wired into the bundle
validation.
And so like,
there's a whole bunch of ways in which
now this is all integrated in.
And it's also really convenient for you
as a human to be able to look at the
recipe and go, ah, that's what it's doing.
Here's how I might want to change it or
whatever, you know, that kind of thing.,
But also it's just that good
representation of what this recipe is
doing without the full complexity of the
YAML version.
For being able to drop into projects like
this.
She did do that every,.
So it's going to,
it should automatically start doing this
for you now, 'cause.
It's part of the bundle.
Does it, does?
It do it in a separate,
like in a parallel session?.
Not a parallel step or anything, right?
Now. I mean, it's a,.
It's just gonna be 1 of the things it
does. While it's recipe author is working.
It'd be nice if it's just like.
Just kind of something I don't have to
think about, saying. It's always doing it,
and then those tell me at the end.
Well,. That's the idea. Like,
if you're building a recipe and you're
making changes to it, recipe,
author is getting engaged for that.
And recipe author has the instruction to
also as part of its work.
Like it's not just building the YAML file,
but it's also making sure that the dot
representation and then it's generating
the PNG.
So we're putting the PNGs in there for
now at least.
So that when you can see it on GitHub.
You don't have to like go,.
Here's the dot file,
I need to download it,
run it through a viewer,. You know,
things like that.
I want to do that all the time,.
But I'm always like, well,
as I was saying,.
You don't have to ask me.
This is going to be,.
And so that's already in the,.
That's already checked in. So right now,
going forward in a recipes. You creation,
we're going to run,.
So those are already on deck for like
once I say like we're done with all the
coins. We want to do.
We're going to go through all of the
bundle repos and then push PRS back with
the changes.
The next thing we're doing up from here
is like,. This is recipes.
It works really well for that.,
So we're like, great,.
Can we do the same thing for agents to
like, know like,?
What's the fan out of all the different
context files that are getting loaded in,
things like that?
Can we do the same thing for bundles?
Break it down with the like, you know,
hey,.
In this overall bundle,
like here's all of the like layout of
You.
that particular repo.
That's similar to what we talked about
doing just for any repo,
but for bundles specifically,
like there are like,
we know the structure,
we know the kinds of things that are in
there.
We can do something a little bit more
bespoke for those, and that's what's,
you know, coming next with this.
And then being able to look at that,
one of the things that comes up a lot of
times with bundles that we don't think
about is.
What's the cost from a token perspective
that we're adding on to our,?
I just said hi, payload.
And so one of the things it's doing is
it's doing token estimation on the things
that are being brought in.
So like the fact that you've added a tool
means you've got the tool description,
the tool title, the tool parameters,
the tool description for each parameter,
all of that in a JSON format.
You know, there,.
That's a cost that you're bringing in
that you know,
people just sometimes don't think about,.
And so if you bring in, you know,
another five tools like that, that cost,
if you bring in an agent,
you get its full description.
Hooks really don't cost as much,
or we don't know, like it depends,
so that one's a little harder to figure
out,
but like you all of those parts add up,.
And if you include any context files.
Like what are the costs of those?
And so being able to look at, you know,
the thing and go like,.
These are all the things you're bringing
in, and this is what it costs.
We already have this in the bundle
validation to like trigger if it's too
high and it doesn't,
but now you can visually look at that and
see, and you can see the impact.
And so if you design A bundle,
it's got a bunch of behaviors,
like the individual behaviors,
you can see what those costs are.
And so, can you get?
Get this?
Is there a prereq for using this for this
to work or or just work?.
No, this is the,.
And So what I'm working on now is it
worked really, really well for recipes.
It was really easy. I said, great,
just go do the same thing for the others.
It's not as easy. So built in a core.
So, using that foundation.
And so foundation is now like,.
So we're going back and forth trying to
figure out like,
what's the right way to represent bundles
and agents,
because it's not quite the same.,
But then also bring in the token cost
part. And so almost done with that part.
I just gave it a new round of feedback on
that. If that looks good,
then I'll be handing it over to Samuel to
go, great,.
Now go ahead and integrate that into the
team.
So that any of the ones you guys are
building,
this will also be automatically applied
to that as well.
Awesome., That's exciting.
And.
Then the other one of the other cool
effects was like,.
If you saw my deck was the fact that I
actually had one of the recipes come
across that I looked at and I was like,
wait a second,.
That's a lot of stuff that feels like
some of those should be done,
but be done in parallel. I'm like, can it?
. And it was like,. Oh yeah,.
We can easily do that.
And it ran through recipe author.
It actually like spends the amount of
time it needed to take.
It was able to run things in parallel.
And then validate or validate all that.
And then it updated the diagram and
checked it all in for me. So like, oh,
I wouldn't have caught that if I hadn't
seen that when I was looking through.
I was inspired by that.
I'm doing an experiment right now where
It's.
Throughout that.
I'm trying to build a new kind of machine
that writes books because I'm trying to
write my second book and it's got like
reviewers and you know the whole,
it's like a real machine.
It's very complicated.
We'll see if it works.
And I decided to like add in both a
researcher and a
consistency checker based on Brian's dot
file stuff.
So I'm like in the process of building
that right now.
Sam, do you, you don't let,
you use your own words, right?.
Excuse me.
You're not like,
are you authoring like chapters like with
AI or are you, how do you write actually?
So maybe there's a segue,
So, I'm doing...
Yeah, so I...
I'm sorry if it's like a disruption.
No, I'll give you, I'll give you a minute,
but like I'll be short, but like...
I wanted to do an update of my book based
on the stuff I've written and the stuff
we've been building and experiencing for
the last year or two.
He.
And so I gave the system that source
material, but I built it, but I was like,
there's no way this will be able to do
this, any kind of job on this. So like,
let me build a machine to do it. So like,
it's got all the source material.
I did a brainstorming session on like
what I wanted the book to be and like we
laid out a bunch of documents on like how
we're going to build it and everything.
And then I built a bunch of agents and a
bunch of tools.
Like I understand that like the LLM sucks
at like actual writing.
So it's got actual code like measuring
perplexity and looking for repetition.
That's actually like scripts that it'll
run.
Mhm.
And it does like an iteration,
like editing loop per chapter. And then,
you know,
it'll give me like a dashboard that I can
look at. Here's just like,
I'm sorry to take this over.
Here's my like quick demo for today.
I need this.
No, not me. Like,.
My son's an English major. He's like,.
Uh...
I'm like, someone does.
Yeah.
I don't know if it'll work or not. Like,
you know, here's like the first round,
basically, and like it sucks. Like, it's,
you know, vocabulary is fine,
Yes.
Boo.
but like it's doing like bad perplexity
and it's like the repetition is really,
really bad and stuff like that. So like,
you know, and like it was,
I'm like fine tuning the machine this
morning because it's like trying to write
And.
the whole book without reviewing it and
like I had it stop and go back and do a
review cycle on that.
Prolog,
so we'll see if it can actually like dial
into something that's readable, so...
Mm mm.
Anyway,
it's like having fun playing with that.
This is intriguing,.
Yeah.
Hate my pickrell.
Okay, maybe I'll share something. Maybe.
And by the way, real quick,
Diego is still the one mixer I always
give credit to that came up with the
whole how it detected all of the like
flaws in our systems and things like that
as a kind of a superpower that it brings
to the table.
Because.
That we hadn't thought of.
We were always using it more for visual
representation,
not as a diagnostic tool and a way to,
yeah, improve our stuff.
Since we're since we're on Brian's,
can I do one quick demo before somebody
else does another one?
Since since we're on your thing,
Yeah.
Do it.
the dot viewer thing,
this is something I I built.
This is a single file HTML viewer for dot
files that you can like drag and
rearrange and like mess with.
Ohh, they are like.
Like, and you like reset it and, like,
you know, you could double click in on it,
Oh.
you know, and I don't know them,
I'm saying no,
I said zooming in on that one,
but you can like follow the links and
Yes.
stuff, and like, you know,
it's got like different layouts. Oops,
shoot.
Does this support? I don't know.
I haven't looked into it enough.
Matt.
I let you pick what engine, right?
Are you able to?.
Are you able to add a,?
If you added a save, is that,
does it allow you to, yes, specify,
like if you drag it to a better layout,
Yes.
can it say,?
I don't know if the dot format supports
that.
I imagine like we could always add
S.
attributes if nothing else,
but I wasn't sure. Naturally if it does.
Say that again.
So the dot format,
I don't know if it supports,
It's not loading.
like if you were to put in actual
positioning information for how it
renders, but that'd be really,
that would work in general viewers.
I mean,
you can do it for your own for sure, but.
Yeah,
like you would probably be able to do it
like you can see it does like different,
you know,
it's doing different layouts here.
Right,.
But those are more directives at the.
The.
Right, and you can, you know,
you can go in and like, you know,
No.
drag **** around and stuff, so, like,
you could it.
When you drag around,
that's positional data.
I don't know if positional data is part
of the actual definition.
No, the engines,
so when you pick a dot file,
there are a bunch of engines that can be
used because they apply different
Yeah.
Yeah, calculate.
semantics,
and there is one that is really for
Yeah.
making.
architecture diagram and you see that the
kind of components allowed that it does
is really giving precedence to a
component containing other components as
opposed of flows like the top down and
left right. They don't store,
the dot language doesn't model.
That was the point of graph is,
was that they automatically calculate
A position.
these things for you so that it, like,
does it in a sort of.
Yeah.
Good way. Good.
Sort of okay. Yeah,
and then and then you can kind of tweak
Mhm.
it, but yeah.
You'd have to put an agent export.
Either you'd have to have a custom
renderer on top of that,
or you could export it into another.
Format.,
I swear if you do it through something
Okay.
like,
there's a pipeline where you have a
pretty fire thing step,
and then it tells you where to lay
something out.
In a nice way,
then you can feed it back to something
more effective, kind of thing,.
Then it would be better.
Yeah.
Yep.
You, you probably, I don't like that,
that file like took about 10 minutes for
me to build, so, like,
if anyone wants to like do pretty fire
Yeah, yeah.
with it, be my guest, like...
One file, nice.
It's like, yeah, it's like,
I just like was tired of like not having
Hmm.
a dot viewer and like all the options
that are out there kind of suck that I
could tell. I'm like,
they're just all ****** and I'm like,
It is like...
I want to run a ******* server.
So let me just like make this be a
The.
self-contained HTML file. And then like,
away you go, right?
Mm.
So, and like you can, you know,
you pass the dot file in as a parameter,
But I didn't hear the.
Dee.
so you can just like have there be a link
on your desktop if you want.
Yeah.
That's like you double click on it and
just open the browser to a certain dot
file or whatever.
Yeah, I mean,
a lot of people have shown off different
ones where they've got embedded different
things.
I found this one handy because it was
like,.
I just loaded it into one of my tabs.
And I just flip over to it real quick and
I can just drop, you know,
versus it being like,.
Yeah.
I like the ones that are native and the
experiences is handy,
but like for all those times that
somebody just sends me one,
this was handy.
It was better than open up VS Code and
dealing with that.
Yes.
So I'll quickly share.
We're all on dot graphs this week,
but one of the,
I guess my layer is the prettifying
Is it?.
portion of it.
And so this is just an example of one of
A.
Hello.
the tasks I've had this week is to go
through and learn and tell the story of
Amplifier,
but there's a couple of things that are
happening along the way,
and this is one of them. So
I built a dot graph viewer into my AMP
browser,
which this is a bespoke system as well.
I've shared it out with a couple of
people.
But the idea for this one is that you're
able to do all the same things that
you're talking about, Sam,
but like within a file system,
like that's how I work,
that's how it's helpful for me. And so
Yeah.
So yeah, I mean,
like there's the you can do all the same
things that you're talking about.
You can zoom,
there's different styles that you can set
for it, right?
And you can determine those styles when
you generate them. And so, Ken,
I know you said that you were just going
to present,
but I was just going to show a couple of
other things that are related to this.
It's okay.
Okay, so as part of those learnings, yeah,
I've been,
I've actually been using the parallax
discovery process,
so my bill is probably higher than others
this week because I've been running it a
Thank you.
few times.
Trying different things around learning
about Amplifier,
learning how to create a good,
representation of that and essentially
creating like a master class. I mean,
for me as a designer, I'm, you know, not,
you know,
the most technically savvy when it comes
to these things. So, you know,
Brian's given me a charge of like,
all right, well,
you go learn how this works then.
And then, you know,
you teach everybody else how that works.
So there's a couple of pieces to that.
that I've been doing.
So I can switch my screen.
Can you see a browser now?
I'm just going to hop into this. Okay,
Yeah.
so there's a couple of things that I'm
drafting,
and I'm running through the system a
couple of times.
And I'll share this all with you so you
can just see where the progress is on it.
Yeah.
Essentially, I want to create,
like I said, a masterclass on Amplifier.
Yeah.
describing what it is, how it works.
What I did was I used Parallax Discovery
to go look at the system and then start
generating artifacts to help tell that
story. So this one is essentially like,
you can read about amplifier as a whole.
There's also like, again,
like interactive things within this that
you should be able to
do like this is actually was really
helpful for me last week going through
doing this initial run,
doing it in a way that really is like,
it's for someone who's maybe not
non-technical,
educated non-technical person, right?
Like I can follow along what's happening,
but I don't know anything about this.
This needs a lot of organization,
but one of the things that helped me
understand this,
and I think Brian as well for you,
like helped you understand some parts of
the system. You're like, oh,
Okay.
Really?.
let me go double check,
like if that's actually what's happening
in the system, right?
This really laid out the entirety of the
system. So close this.
So this, yeah, tells the whole story,
explains how it works,
explains why things do what they do.
And then I'm in the same view.
This is all one HTML. I'm also having a,
like a presentable version of this, right?
That has some notes.
So like if I'm just imagining myself
going through and presenting it, you know,
I can just switch over to this or
somebody can walk through that as well.
There's a lot of work.
work to be done here as well still,
but trying to think of an all-in-one for
that.
And then this other thing that I'm
starting to work on are other visuals on
how to represent this.
This is pretty fresh,
but this also relates back to like,
like the, I don't know,
whatever leave behind,
like the with amplifier side or other
things like it.
I feel like it has to be more,
like this is fine to explain what it is,
but I feel like it has to be more than
just that.
It has to be a system that you can
interact with, right?
So right now I'm doing these different
generations and keeping it like really
low,
low-fi right now to try to suzz out like
the actual flow of this.
But like if we were to tell a cinematic
story of Amplifier and how it works,
Can we do that?
One of the big inspirations for this is,
let me see if I can pull this up.
I mean,
this is where I'm pushing like more of
the design concepts. Let's see.
I'll send this all out.
That's just kind of cracking me up this
week.
A design team created a site for an AI
coaster. And it was a joke,
but what it was doing was showing, like,
Give me.
this is the cinematic value that I'm
talking about when I'm looking at
something.
And so I want to be able to tell the
story of Amplifier in this way.
Mm.
It's hilarious. Like, I'll send this, but,
but you know, basically, it's like,
But we're not a coaster.
The.
as I'm scrolling through this,
this will tell this entire story of what
Yeah.
Amplifier is, what it does, right?
It's hilarious.
No, yeah.
It should work.
It's A wearable rise above mediocrity.
I mean,
No.
it's kind of making fun of all of the
different, like huge, you know,
And.
Ohh gosh!.
storytelling things that are happening
about the most silly things.
Yeah.
Perfectly round.
Oh man, this is so funny, man.
It.
But what I'm interested in are the
technologies that are driving this and
What?
Yeah.
driving the storytelling, right? So yeah,
I'm doing a deep dive on that this week
alongside trying to learn this is
hilarious too. Like,
it'll encode and decode the message.
So if you want to decode the message,
you just flip it over. If you encode it.
Good.
Yeah.
Flip it back over. Anyway, so yeah,
so really about understanding Amplifier,
being able to communicate its value in a
couple of different ways,
Dee.
and then taking all of this and pushing
it toward communication systems that are
beyond like capabilities we have today.
So
Very cool.
I still haven't really picked up any of
the design tools. Like, you know,
one of so one of my themes these days,
by the way, is just like, we are,
you know,
you've heard this from me before,
like we're not really like leveraging as
each other as a team. And so like,
this is a very good example of like, man,
it would be really nice if like.
everybody's stuff looked that good by
kind of by default, right? Like,
Yeah.
that's really what I, you know,
because I suck.
I can't do pretty things like that, right?
So it'd be really nice to be able to get
that pulled in everywhere. Like, you know,
I think Amplifier stories like kind of
got a little bit close to that,
but like even that's looking kind of
Mhm.
dated now and like it'd be nice if that
got a lot richer and like, you know.
Does this feel like a really good place
to like have a composable piece that
everybody gets to take advantage of and
start sticking it in everywhere?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah,.
So a lot of the demos over the last
couple of weeks have been a lot of those
parts. And one of the challenges is, like,
I loaded up my config the other day and
it's like, you have 86 agents loaded.
I know.
You know, it's expensive.
And so part of what Salil is working on
is like,.
We're flipping that around to like lower
cost, initial bundle, more discovery,
more things that.
Yeah.
Dynamically. And so as we do that,
then we'll bring more of these in
automatically. Otherwise,. Right, now,.
It's more of a like,.
We try to update the modules MD with the
list of things that you can pick from.
Yeah, it.
Absolutely.
But we are going that direction to where
more of them are going to be available
once we solve first the like,
get the heavy payload out of the way
first.
Yeah, it needs to be on demand for sure.
Yep, Yep.
Okay,
so I'm just taking over because
everybody's trying to go ahead of me.,
So I'm just doing it. So this is,
I have a lot of side quests on top of.
The main thing that I've been working on,
which is Life OS.,
But I think I felt very strongly the same
frustration that Sam and actually
everybody has. And I just.
And frustrated that everything we make is
so ugly or so vibed.
And So what I did was I created a
lookbook. And I just,
the point of this is actually to kind of
reverse engineer.
If I found something visually compelling,.
That it can generate something that's
pretty intriguing and interesting.
Where are those,?
There are a bunch of YouTubers that do
this stuff.
Where are the pockets of the universe
that have people succeeding in this space?
, And what are their prompts, right?.
So like, okay,.
It's kind of fun to have a thing.
So this forevermore is a reference.
That you guys can point to, if a thing.
Your building needs to look a certain way.
You can go point it to this list of
things I'm making.
And you can actually have access to what
was the prompt like,
what were the prompts that were used to
create that thing, right?. It's not much.,
And I've actually tested a few of these
against different models,
and they generally look very similar to
each other.,
So it's like pretty consistent.
You can actually probably do this.
However you want. So it's just a lookbook.
And I was like not pursuing this.
My pursuit for this was when I was doing
the UI studio that I've demoed a little
while ago, and I had this struggle where,
okay,.
So now I've done the work to do the mood
board, the storyboard, the.
Blueprints and stuff like that.
But then like at the end of the day,
I need to now forge it or to create a
thing with it.
The thing that even what Brian was
generating last week.
It was Tron-based,
but then like the end result still wasn't
really.
That close., I would say maybe it's.
Like closer this week,.
With.
Closer this week, maybe, right?. So,
so then I was like, how, like,.
Because I told him that.
How do you get there?.
And so my thesis was a hypothesis I have
is maybe the convergence function just
didn't have the right judge to correct
itself to do it. So then, like, can I...?
Experiment several ways that it could
describe a better direction. Like,
do I focus on structural stuff?
Do I have it like focus on the different
things?
Or maybe it's a combination of many
things.
Is that what's the NL spec for design?
That's right. So then,.
So then I was like, okay,
but I need a more or less like a data set
that know that if you achieve this,
it will then create this thing.
And so therefore I was like doing this
hunt of like,.
Can you just find me a bunch of really
interesting things?
And then in doing this, I just realized.
Okay, but I'm not making landing pages.
I'm actually generally making apps.,
So how can I do apps?
And then I was actually thinking about
the, well,. There are well-known 50,
top 50 things that everybody ever would
go interact with.,
And there are things like,.
This is X, right?. And so I was like,
recreate X. It took great detail, like,
and make it sort of work fake, right?.
Like, do something where it'll do this.
And then actually,
as I was interacting with this,
I realized I can cut a lot of noise in my
life if I have my own.
Filtered universe. I can live in.
And I just noticed how fast everything
reacts because it didn't have to worry
about a lot of the.
Scaling to multiple thousands,
millions of people,
and I can have my own little thing.
And then I was thinking, oh man,.
I can have my own Instagram,.
I can have my own whatever, like,
and maybe give this to, you know,.
I don't know if this is useful, but like,
I'm like,.
This is an interesting way to live.
But anyway,
so this is kind of a pre-req for me,
for me to generate something that I've
been desiring,
Be.
which is a lot of people are making
really amazing things in our,.
This is totally far off from like what
I've.?
Gonna present, but hey,.
I'm just telling you the story of, like,
how I've been dealing with this, so like..
.
But what you got here though,
I think this is really cool.
So what you got here though is you've got,
.
Here's an example of UI that's known and
screenshots of interesting sites and
things like that.
And if those are the things you like,
behind, it is the, not the source code,
but more like the NLS spec equivalent
that you would then be able to go like
use that.
In your prompts to then drive it.
So if you combine that with the design
intelligence that knows how to like,
build the token and then the other design
Is.
JSON, this could feed that.
And you could even combine from like a
little bit of this one,
a little bit of that.
That's really powerful.
So if if let's say,
David was talking about like,
I want a slack,. I'm like, hey,
I can give you a slack. And if you got,
Where's the interface?
if you got your NL spec mock,
I can literally give you actual slack.
And I can if and if we all agreed to use
this app together in this universe that
we deployed somewhere,.
We can live in quote UN quote slack and
still be.
You know.
Slacky and, and, but like, you know,
nothing leaves that universe,.
So that's really powerful.
So then, what?
I was actually trying to do, honestly,
was I was just trying to create what I
have been thinking about as an MPM JS or
PyPi of.
Amplifier bundles. So I took a quick like.
Scan of all the public stuff that we have,
and I created a registry, so...
Let me kind of turn this off here.
I think I have an icon here that can lead
me there. So I made a registry. I mean,
everybody would do this.,
But what's really intriguing is I also
used a,
because I've been thinking in terms of
evals and stuff like that.
Hey,
can I just create a rubric for ourselves?
How we would rate if somebody were to go
to the site and see and rate our bundles
based on whatever rubric will actually
can customize. And there are some, I mean,
it's fun to kind of pick on the ones that
are kind of low.
And you would look at it and be like, oh,
why is it low? Oh,?
Because it's not documented.
Like it wasn't.
Anirudh.
Up to the bundle design and stuff like
that.
And then like you can have an assessment.
And the reason why I'm doing this was I
have been actually thinking and
decomposing a lot of what OpenClaw gives
to people.
Like I'd like OpenClaw the project,.
It's kind of like.
But I want to know why, like,
why is that so powerful to people?
What is it?. And I think to me,
it's like several things that I've been
working towards.
Like 1 was a lot of automation.
Another thing is I can delegate it to
kind of do things as a job or whatever.
And I think I touched upon this thing
where I created Agent daemon last week.
I actually renamed it to Loom because I
realized that if I were to just give it a
little bit more because it's already a
server sitting in my sys tray here,
I can actually do something interesting
with it.
So, so I was like,.
If I just combine a few things,
so this is smooshing.
Amplifier growth slash some of the mocks
that Chris has been working on for
Amplifier Canvas. You can actually see.
I have like this projects and sessions
and stuff like that going.
But one of the most intriguing thing is
you can actually have jobs running. So.
Let's say if I have this team polls thing
that I want to like run.
Or maybe summarize my personal emails,.
This is actually kind of scary,
but you run something that could run over
your,
and if you're connected with your inbox,
can I run it through my live OS system?
That would, like,
organize all my information into a memory?
.
In a way that I wanted to get done.
And so this little tool has...
Can do Cron, can do like,
can watch for a file system change,
could actually mirror,
like what I've been kind of thinking
about is like,
I want to cut off a slice of the Internet
and I want to monitor for a change of
that thing to trick to be a trigger point.
So therefore, like,.
If I wanted to watch, oh, I didn't,
I don't know,
like if I wanted to watch a Amazon
product, like pricing,
like it didn't have it here because I got
sick,
I got kind of grossed out by Amazon
practices where they would mark up
something just to mark it down a teeny
bit.
I was like,. Oh man,. That's so terrible.
That's like wasting my time. Or like,
if you're watching a particular GitHub
issue,.
Like if people are filing bugs on this
app, I want to be notified in Teams.
I can do that kind of stuff.
How much is this tied to this UX driving,
or the code in the UX driving THIS,?
And it.
Or is this is the UX like a thin layer
over?
Something else that is doing all this.
The the UX is almost nothing.
This thing is a go playing thing,
So...
so it has, you know, nothing.
So we can use this with like agents could
drive it or interact with the ports.
Oh, oh, yes. So,. So I mean,
I didn't really, so this, the job system,
like, it is itself a CLI and a bundle.
So then you can actually ask, like, oh,.
That actually did this thing. I was like,
hey,. Look at my life. OS fault.
Yeah.
You have a bunch of information about me
and my life.
What automation,?
What jobs that you would recommend for me
to run on a regular basis to help me
optimize my life? So actually, it's like,
oh,. You probably want to, actually,.
Some of these are that thing.
They're like, oh,.
You probably want a morning brief.
Like at 8 o'clock or something like that.
And then like, oh,. You probably want to.
Automatically process data if you just
drop some files,
like recommended these things.,
So that's why these look better than what
I would type in.
And then I was actually thinking about
how I have been using Amplifier and how
I've been experiencing other people's
work. And most of the time,.
I just want to quickly experiment and
like, somebody would tell me, oh,
I made this thing. Like,
I made this parallax discovery bundle.
Like, can I just try it? And I was like,
okay, cool. Like,.
I'll add it and then I'll just turn it on.
And then it'll be on for my sessions.
And then I'll be like, okay,.
I'm kind of done with it. I don't like it.
I'm done.
Like,
so I don't have to kind of interact with
FCLI to do this kind of thing.
Same as modifying your user home
directory settings is not a project one.
In the settings, yeah, yeah,
is a global thing, right?. So, can you...
Can you point it at a project 1 so you
could try it out in a project without
modifying it?
Cool.
Available?, That'd be really helpful.
Yeah. Yeah. So.
If somebody has asked for this,
or I've said this out loud,
and somebody's like, go make this thing.
And I'm like, OK, fine,. I'll make it.
Like.
I'll.
Like,
but this is this is literally 11:00 or 10
P.m. Like, Ken just asked for anything.
In in.
And and and you're collecting and running
the so that that list of module or
bundles like is not hosted somewhere,
it's running locally,.
So we could all stand up our own.
Local instance to.
So,
this is based on that registry thing that
Okay.
I that I showed you, right?. So,
so this is that site. It also has...
A source code where I'm just like,
this is public, all the public stuff.
I'm not doing anything with your privates.
I really want to be able to get to the
private bundles for and safely because
that's where a lot of the fun stuff like
life OS is.
But I'm just collecting a lot of data,
even like scanning for behaviors inside
these bundles.
Theoretically,
I should be able to turn on just the
behavior, just to play around with it.,
But this is kind of like a launch point
for me to be able to do that. Like,.
It's kind of nice.
I paid some money to be able to publish
an app,
so I can like go have this kind of
experience on the Mac.
And when I publish,
and I say cut a new release in Loom,
it'll just publish a new release in
GitHub, and then I can, say, like,
it'll automatically check for updates.
It's the regular, like,
restart to update kind of thing. And.
So,
one of the things you can do for the
registry is,
because if we we can't host anything
without jumping through,
we've got to get reviews of that,.
But what we can do is you could have
something that knows how to go, like,
go get the information you need from like
the models at MD.
One of the things that I did was I have
another project where I had it go out.
And visit all the sites and then be able
to like pull in all the right content
that it needs.
And then you can always cache that and so
on.
And then the other thing that I did was I
had to go through,
use my GitHub login to then go through
all the private ones that I have access
to and look for the markers,
like looking for the bundle MD file with
the right structure. And if so,.
Then bring those in as well,
and that's why that's a way.
Yeah, I want. I want a private one.
Thankfully, yeah.
And what's nice with that then is like we
each have different access to different
private ones. Like it can collect all.
Mhm.
That, you can run it at all. Oh,.
That's a.
That's a good one.
One. Yeah,
I was actually thinking about how I would
That's how you can do it, yeah.
do the private access. So in any case,
my actual,
my real life job was actually to work on
the team pulse.
Thing with Chris.
So my involvement this week have been
just simply like replicating what I had
done with Salil for collaboration,
which is a lot more about thinking
through things.
And I think Chris and I are exploring how
to collaborate as well,
like in how we do it. So like,.
Really,
my biggest contribution is like putting,
putting team polls on top of Live OS,
which is like kind of where this sits, so.
..
Maybe summarize the two things that I
left out of the team Pulse intentionally.
Yeah.
So there's stuff that Samuel is doing,
but also is like,.
How do we organize the knowledge?
That's what LifeWise does really well.
And the second thing that I just
completely ignored is.
If you have multiple teams and you have a
layering of teams,
how do you manage the data across those
teams?
And SO1 exploration that Ken is doing is,?
Is that something that Life OS can start
to manage as well?.
So it can manage the knowledge management
via LLM judgment.
And then also setting up how the
structures will work across a group of
people. And we have a team vault.
Yeah.
So where I actually notice is LiveOS does
not provide the data.
It isn't like a thing that grabs the data.
That's like not the point of LiveOS.
It's a processing engine and also
possibly a action trigger for other
things. So,
and actually one of the interesting thing
is it can also process stuff that's
already processed.,
So then it can kind of go, so.
If we kind of step far away,
kind of this is really relevant for you,
Samuel,
which is we just have a bunch of recipes
that know how to grab data from certain
places on a regular basis.,
And then it would just, say,
go process this stuff with LifeOS.,
And then it would just put it in the
right place.
And then maybe even trigger some actions
if you want it for kind of,
that's up to your protocols.
And then because it's kind of agnostic of
where the data can come from,
it could also come from one-on-ones or
like you just drop a transcript in there.
I think the.
Octo team meeting and the AMA stuff from
Kevin is super relevant about like what
we are doing as a whole that we should
actually shove into this team polls kind
of thing.
But because if you have a personal life
OS and or the team also have like a vault.
The same data could be processed
differently and will be processed.
I don't know if it's in parallel,
but like, you know, one after another.,
So you might gather some stuff
differently for a team versus something
personal.
You just say like process this data.
It's kind of where we're at.
Yeah,
I think that's a lot of what I've been.
Oh, no., So I also did,
remember I do 6 things.
And 1 of the things that I did was have a
really, I think,
I don't know if I actually showed you the.
This,
I have a comparison done on the eval of
life OS.
I didn't have a really good looking
picture.
And.
I think I have a better one today.
Let me kind of just show you.
I don't know if I need to go through it.
Let me grab it real quick.
Sorry, I'm a little slower.
I was working too late to actually have a
video made.
Okay, all right.,
So the way that we should read this is
that there are some categories of
scenarios,
some things that are explicitly saying
like,. Please remember this,
something is just simulating a user just
talking about.
Something and knowledge is implicit.
And then some of the scenarios I have is
related to,.
I want it to perform an action as a
result of the thing.
So one thing I've noticed is as I was
progressing, most of the time,
if I'm actually asking it to remember
stuff like OS does a really good job.
Regardless of what we're doing.,
It's been consistently pretty terrible in
trying to get at the data.
If I don't explicitly tell it to though.,
It's pretty good also to trigger like
subsequent actions. And so like.
The real problem I notice is like all the
implicit stuff is just so bad.
And you will see.
I attempted this where, like,
I actually talked about this last week,
where, like,.
If I just allow it to reflect on itself,
then it drastically improves.
If it treats the chat as a transcript
that you're now processing,
knowledge is now actually...
Preserved on a high confidence.,
So the intriguing thing that I did was
like looking at the dream trigger,
like Claude, like the love Dub thing,.
Like I talked about last week.
I haven't ripped it out and put it into a
thing yet,
but it's continuing to work pretty well
for.
For personal Volt.,
Now I'm trying to prove it out in 18 Volt
and see how that works.
Okay, so I'm done.
Cool. All right, take a five-minute break,
and then we'll come back and go next.
And...
That thing that does the job scheme,
sending important shared away from.
The.
That background job thing, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah,.
Ohh, yeah.
I'd be just so happy if I can even throw
Twitter.
**** Twitter. No, if I,.
If I just control it.
No, no.
No,. **** that ******* place, dude.
Absolutely not.
I like the interface.
It was, it was fine. I mean, it was fine.
The day is past.
I lived,
I lived in this universe for so long in
the past, and I just feel sad that.
Everyone.
There's.
Something lost in the Internet.
There was a.
Huge thing lost, but I mean, it was lost,
frankly, before even Elon came in.
It was like the joy had been sucked out
of that thing for outrage,
like even before him. Like,.
So one of my favorite Twitter things ever
was there used to be a Twitter bot that
was the T1000 bot.
Yeah.
And all it would do,
it would find users who had their name
Sarah.
And then it would tweet at them, and, say,
? Sarah Connor.
And that was all it would do.,
But there were so many stupid *** like
swings like that on there.
No.
Yeah.
You tell me about before, you know,.
We want.
That's actually what's the most useful,
you know.
Right now, like,.
Of course,
we want all these advanced capabilities.
But that's like what's?
That's what makes it really,.
And all of these things are.
Hello.
Tools, right?. So, like...
That's.
That's the game that everybody's playing
right now. It's like,.
Which tools can you add to the move?
So yeah,
if you know agency or copilot or whatever
has tools that access them, 365,. Then...
Good stuff.
Well,
the other trick is not having to load all
100 tools up here,
so being able to like delegate to
something that has.
Yeah, there's lots of.
The breakdowns and stuff like that, or...
Yeah, context management of your.
Loop. Or the other way around,
where it's monitoring what you're doing
and then suggests like, hey, by the way,.
I got a tool.
You know what, Bluebird is?.
I don't.
But it's an agency, right?. I don't know.
When you,
I think when you load up agency for the
first time,
there's two tools that they included by
default. I think MCP tools.
One is Bluebird,
the other is something else that I'm
trying.
To remember the name.
I think those are the internal tools that
we created to access entry data.
What's wrong with Them?, So?
I do have a question about Pinballs.
I've always wondered.
Is this like the...?
The pinnacle of we should all achieve.
Engineering.
Engineering have a bunch of pinball
machines in our home.
I have experiences from, you know,
David Gold. You know, OK,
like a few people that they're like
further along in their career.
So.
They inevitably have visited their
basement.
Yes.
It's just like packed with pinball
machines. I'm like, I'm missing out.
And subscribe.
I'm missing out. You're missing out.
This is new now.
You don't. You don't collect.
You don't get one.
Yes, because you can't. It's too lonely.
It's too.
That's why the one I'm building is a
virtual,. Then I'll.
Get a real one. So no, no,
when you get a dozen ring.
Lonely. Maybe we'll have another.
One. Yeah.
I have a couple of buddies back in the
midwife who at this time I got my first
This is agencies. Oh,.
This is agencies and CB that you get that
one in his lab and they're like,.
It's a drug. And they're like,.
we got.
We have 18, I have 12, you know, whatever.
And so I was like, no, no, no,.
Is it collection?
We're just going to get.
And then I wait, what did you type?.
So I did agency referred usage spam.
We do collect things,
I find that you do collect,.
It seems like you do.
I'm not in yet. This is just online.
I used to do a lot more before.
It won't be a need to go through this
stuff, all. Updated it.
I went on my.
Apps for my ADHD,
because there's the impulsive side of
that, that was hard to resist.
Now that I'm on the map, not as much.
Oh, yeah,. So you type this, I.
Type agency, so those are the things that.
..
And so much more selective about which
things make the cut for such a thing.
Interesting, yeah, 'cause, but.
Like we got Pokémon coming, ohh yeah,
because it's...
The one that you saw next, week,
or it might be.
It's.
Oh, you got it? You got the Pokemon?
Value is double. Yeah,
because because there's such a demand for
Or what I did.
it,
and I got in on the like they put me into
Well, like, yeah, what is going on, like,?
the waiting list because.
That's a few. I didn't.
Do any.
It's worth twice as much of what the what
For that already,.
they're selling it for, instead.
David's, what, what is what is?
I just talked. Pinball. No, no, Pinball.
Pinball.
Cards? I don't know, Pinball,
Pokémon Pinball, yeah, so,.
Wait, you have a Pokémon Pinball?.
Now you get to pay twice as much.
Oh my gosh, are.
You didn't get in early enough.
Serious?.
So, the limitation is long sold out.
Like, there was a wait list.
I couldn't even film,. And because I'm,
Yeah, So what is this all of access? Like,
is it?.
you know, a good customer,
they put me into this. Wait, list.,
Pull all.
So, therefore,.
It's selling.
On the marketplace right now for double.
And have, yeah, yeah,
just follow it directly,
It's MSRP that I got it for.
So that was one of those ones like
whether I want it or not,
I'm getting it because as an investment,
you have to get it.
I can turn around and sell it the next
day if I want.
Yeah.
Get 2.
How many of these,?
How many Nintendo things are like pinball
Yeah, man,. There's definitely more.
things are there?.
There's actually a handful of them
currently available in print, like.
This one. Well,.
Any of that, like the LE, Well,.
The limited edition is not really
obtainable, but the...
Premiums and so on.
But then they historically,
there's other ones like, you know,.
There's actually a Mario Brothers one
Normally.
made for kids. It's kind of small.
That's hard to find., Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so on.
They've got the rumors are they've got a
couple of new ones coming now. Though.,
There's the Mario Brothers,.
There's the Sonic 1 coming.
Now that market wise,.
It's working in the dance to use it.
They've hit a new audience.
COVID was the big thing.
COVID all of a sudden just licked the
You just,
you have to log in with your EMU.
whole industry. And the people are like,.
We're stuck at home. Yes.,
Which funny story,
I was talking to Dan Shapiro,
CEO of Glowforge, and like,
set a number of records on Kickstarter
for different things,
including Glowforge being.
One of the whole.
And COVID,
and go forward went through the route.
Uber for understand.
Because there were people were building
them.
No,.
They were buying because at home,
laser cutting, like,
it sounded like they're at home and
you're stuck with COVID, like,
OK, so.
what are you going to do?
People were buying,
they couldn't keep up with.
The demand. Did it go back down?.
As soon as COVID was done,
they literally almost went bankrupt
because nobody was buying it, literally.
It was like overnight.
It was interesting to see the impact on
different industries.
It's expensive,. Let's go, fortune.
With, with being, you know, at home for,
yeah,.
How it works.
You think Love Forge is expensive?
You're not ready for pinball. Yeah.
No, I'm not. I mean,
I actually don't know how, I don't.
Okay.
Yeah.
Know.
How to manage this.
It's just not how to manage this.
I actually, I told people this,
when I went to your house and I was like,
if you gave me a lot of money and a lot
of time,
I would still not be able to fill out a
space like this in the way that you do,
because I just, I just,
I cannot manage that.
And so, like,. So that's like,.
That's like the thing. I'm just like...
If I was to get engaged in this thing,
can I actually manage that thing?. No.
All right, concurrent, go ahead.
All right, give me just a sec.
Yeah.
Can y'all see my screen?
Yep.
Okay,
so I was actually going to try to jump in
ahead of Ken because there was a bunch of
conversation about diagram,
but I then was like, okay, well,
I don't want to disrupt Ken's flow.
Sorry. Sorry.
But my,
so the thing that I've been thinking
about this week has been around diagrams
as well.
Last week we talked about infographics
and.
I see that there's a lot of opportunity
for in general beautifying diagrams.
It feels to me like diagrams,
whether that's dot, mermaid,
or what have you,
they're very helpful in being
illustrative of architectures.
But I find that especially from a user
facing standpoint, they are,
they feel quite dead whether they're
presented in decks or you're just looking
at the PNGs. And so I was thinking like,
what does it look like to take the
infographic tool that I've been building
and sort of apply that to diagram flows?
And so with that,
I built this thing called Diagram
Beautifier.
It's part of Infographic Builder.
What it does is it can accept raw dot
files or MMD files.
It can also accept PNG files that are
images of those graphs.
It then transforms them through the
system styles that I've been building in
Infographic Builder and now.
added to for diagram beautifier.
And crucially,
what I built as part of this is there's a
topology manifest.
So the hardest part with these diagrams
is ensuring that there's coherence and
reliability of the actual topology that's
presented in the diagram being then
rendered in.
any kind of beautified content.
And so for that,
there is this manifest that I create,
which kind of has each of the nodes.
So there's a VLM,
a visual language model that does a pass
on every diagram as part of the input
flow, analyzes for nodes, edges,
the most important.
Uh, candidate nodes. Oop,
the screen share just stopped.
What is the critical path and kind of the
story through the diagram?
And then if there are any subgroups.
So this is like part of what gets
generated for every every diagram.
And so actually, I'm just gonna,
I think the best way is to show you all
how how they start,
they're starting to come out now.
So before I before I show you all the
diagrams themselves,
here's a little bit of the.
Okay, yeah, here's some of the inputs.
Actually, Brian,
I'm glad you dumped a bunch of diagrams
into the amp chat,
because I was then able to use those as a
basis for feeding to this pipeline.
As a face for.
So here's an example of kind of the raw.
We, by the way,
checked into the recipe bundle repo,
so if you want any more.
Oh, nice. Okay, yeah,
I was looking for test cases.
Go to.
Recipes and theirs that should also be
making them for them too.
Uh,
can you can you put a link to that or the
the type, the just that blurb in chat?
Yeah.
Amazing. So yeah,
so this is an example of the kind of
input that would be generated from a from
a dot graph is dot diagram.
And this is actually one of the ones that
Brian had put in.
And so now I'm playing around with like,
okay, how can how can that be visualized?
So there's this like cinematic kind of
style.
There's a more standard, but this is like,
this is the dark mode tech kind of
interface.
If you played around with infographic
builder, you would have seen that.
There's also this,
so this was another chart that Brian put
in.
And then I was like experimenting with
like.
It, you can,
it can even be a little bit more extreme,
so this is the like kind of core flow
that you, uh, let me, let me show these.
You.
Not the Lego.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, so,
so this is this is the base right to
Hello.
start with. Oh, wait, sorry, hold on.
Hark, it's not adhering to,
I'll have to just do them one by one. So,
this is the this is a base that we start
with, and then this is a clean sketch.
This is then a sketchnote version.
And again,
it's adhering to the full topology of the
original source.
And then this is called a diorama.
Yeah.
And I'm like pretty into dioramas.
The thing about dioramas is I've realized
Yeah.
you have to be careful with them.
They work well when there's kind of a
linear flow. So in this case, right,
it's fairly linear as a flow.
When you get to like branching logic in a
diagram, they tend to start falling over.
So I've been having quality issues with
them in evals when it's more complex.
So I've basically limited them now to the
linear flows. But I think they're awesome,
right?
Because it's like discover recipes and
there's like a magnifying glass.
enhance and like you can feel the
enhancement in the actual representation.
So this is a claymation diorama.
So I've added diorama mode to infographic
builder now.
There's also these are the this is the
Legos which Ken loves.
I also am a huge fan of these these these
Legos.
And again,
like what's important is it's not just
like capturing the words and the topology,
but it's also like and then illustrating
through action.
Then you'll see like discover recipes
mean something or like summarize like
rendering right is part of this flow.
You actually feel like going through like
a printer and a stamp.
Stamping machine.
Cool, and so here's another one.
This is a,
this is also you'll see like it's fully
matching the topology again with this.
A little bit about how it works,
also illustrated, is so there's like,
there's an input. It can be graph viz,
mermaid, or PNG. We.
I pass that through a visual language
model.
That's where I get how I'm able to
generate this topology manifest.
Then from there, that gets, if needed,
it can get rendered to a, if it's needed,
Yeah.
if it came in as a raw file,
it'll get rendered to a PNG.
Then there's a style selection phase
where the user can provide styles.
One of the things that I'm learning is
that...
What I showed you was kind of the cream
of the crop.
Those are the really nice ones.
There are like some visuals that come out
not quite so nice. And so it's just,
it sort of ends up being like a best of N
approach is kind of the best way.
So I'm now auto-generating through the
You.
recipes like several variations.
And that way as a user,
like you just automatically get 4 and you
can like quickly scan through them and
choose which is the best one for you.
There's a beautification step in the
process.
So like once the style selection happens,
there's a generation and then there's
actually a critic that verifies the.
the it matches all of the eval results
and the dimensions of quality before then
rendering to the user. Yeah,
so that's the general,
that's the general flow.
I also just wanted to show a couple of
other things. One is.
As I was, you know,
last weekend I gave a talk about
something called network states.
This is like an idea of like sort of
imagining a future where humans start to
coordinate outside of the nation state
boundaries.
So it's kind of like a futuristic talk
that I was giving. And I was like, oh,
I think I could use infographic builder
for this talk.
I ended up driving a bunch of the talk
actually through slides generated by
infographics.
So I like fed in a pipeline of
infographics and then pulled those into
presentation builder. Also,
I was kind of demoing with some people on
the weekend.
Ohh, nice.
And one person who I was showing,
they do like a morning run every week.
and they wanted to like kind of
illustrate that.
And we put it in like superhero comic
book mode, and it came out really nicely.
Ha.
So there's just like a lot you can do
with this. And the cool part is that like,
This is great.
Mhm.
No.
because Infographic Builder,
it's able to do like,
I've gotten this multi-panel consistency,
so you can actually generate like.
pretty long stories and it'll stitch them
all together for you.
So you can have like 4 panels consistent
and then they'll all be stitched.
And I'm finding that,
so I think some of the use cases and
value,
not only can this now help with diagram
beautification,
but I'm also finding it to be really
helpful in like illustrating and making
repos more accessible, I think.
So here's the infographic builder.
repo and you'll see my read me it starts
with a comic.
It's like infographic builder.
What does it do? Describe it. You know,
Yeah.
you have the style packs,
panels generated, boom,
like you get you get a stitched and
delivered output.
And then in terms of illustrating like
some of the ways that it works, right?
So it's like, how do you pick your style?
Well, there's these several styles.
Think.
Again,
it's illustrated and like very visually
accessible.
Here's the different layout types. Again,
Yeah.
like rather than describing it all
through text,
part of what I'm realizing is as we're
like in general dealing with more and
more text, you know,
we're toggling between amplifier panes
and there's all this text output.
It's very overwhelming.
And so this abstraction of these diagrams
is really helpful. And I think.
Images is also a really helpful form of
abstraction that can help parse all this
context.
This was a Lego diagram of how
Infographic Builder works and kind of is
a flow. So these are all in the read me.
I've been improving the read me to kind
of illustrate the value of this tool as
well. And by the way,
if you check out the read me,
I've also put in some scenarios that I
know Chris has started to play around
with this.
It's like, you know,
you can ask it to show you a diagram of
how the app works.
So you can actually ask it to sort of
visualize a repo,
visualize the last week of commits as a
visual timeline, you know,
make an onboarding guide for the repo,
those kinds of things. So I'd encourage,
I'd love for folks to try it out.
Last week, I mean, I've.
did this like there's a,
you can give it a meeting and have it
visualize the key decisions and action
items, right? Or summarize a strategy doc.
So there's a lot of ways that I think
this visual tool can be used.
Mm.
Would love for you all to try it out.
I'm the diagram builder, the first,
or it's called Diagram Beautifier. Those.
improvements the first round of them are
in.
I'm about to push another round a little
bit later today. So then, yeah,
feel free to like throw all of your dot
diagrams,
mermaid diagrams in and share some of the
good ones.
By the way, real quick,
you mentioned like you are going to push
some more stuff in.
If any of you guys are working on bundles
where you like find like, hey,
here's a really high value,
everybody could be using this right now.
And you want to also do some things that
are more experimental.
Keep in mind that our Git plus
http://reference, you have to bundles.
Can include a branch,.
So you.
Do.
Probably use that all the time.
Think we?
Have like a dev branch and then push
something up that's more of experimental
that a few people can kick the tires on?
I haven't done this as much,
but I was thinking about it the other day.
I'm like,
this is something I should probably want
to start doing more of when there's
something that people are already using a
lot.
I used to just like create another
version, but I'm like, no,
I should be using the branch.
Yeah, so just an FYI,
like it's something if you guys want to
try.
And then that way you can have like a
small group of early adopters, you know,
who might give you feedback without
disrupting everybody else.
If you've got something that's more like,
I want to try it first.
Before.
I disrupt people.
The other thing I asked for in the chat
is like the meta level above.
This too is like.
This is really cool.
This wasn't you just going, hey,
Amplifier, making this thing. Like,.
You figured out some tricks and
techniques and so on that helped to.
Like,.
So getting a little bit of a capture of
that would be a really helpful thing,
an educational piece for the to help
upload the team of like your approach,.
Your technique would be really helpful
too.
You bet, yeah, I can,
I'll write something up.
Go.
Diego, I said, I see you said, please,
please, please in chat.
Yeah.
Was that a question?
Was there a question associated with that?
No, no, no, it wasn't a question.
It wasn't even a suggestion.
It was a command. Like, we need,
we definitely need a Warhammer 40K
Yeah.
Shh.
version of the pipeline with the clear,
you know, Emperor-based theme, and...
And.
Now, know something.
Yeah.
It.
You can't tell by all the boxes.
Yeah,.
I shared in that I would like to see if
there's anything that is useful to you or
Ohh, I just ignored it.
No.
to bring apart because I did an
experiment on making the comics given the
history of things that you do in
Amplifier.
And the thing that was interesting was
trying to be the system being cohesive on
building long story with characters and
then there was a full set of things to do.
Character design, and then I was using...
When Google.
Release the multimodal.
Oh my gosh. Embedding model?
Because that was for me to decide when I
was asking to do a tweak on a character,
but not move away from the original theme
to keep the character design consistent.
Yeah.
I was also using the multi-modal
embedding before going into the full VLLM,
because otherwise there was a lot more
expensive,
but that was able to see how much
Panels were repetitive and there's a lot
of things I was really asking that as
they move between panel creation to reuse
the concept art from the character so
that as you move through a longer
sequence or doing a saga,
Good.
it was really being consistent with the
character because I tell you if it's too
Mm.
long, it's okay, but make a
Saga,
so then he did like 3 episodes for the
stuff that is in there on my repo,
if you look at it,
is actually how that project was built,
and the whole log from Amplifier was made
as a comic.
Oh, cool. Okay,
I didn't know you'd done comic work.
Because he was, it was.
That's awesome. I just saw your repo.
Right.
And so having observed a little bit of
this,
it's like Diego has some techniques that
he's used that got him, you know, so far,.
But then he also ran into challenges that
he's been struggling trying to get past.
You've solved some of the challenges in
Hey.
yours,
but also there's things from Diego's that
would be beneficial. So in one sense,
we could be like, cool,.
Let's mash some of these things together.
But the other side of it is also like,.
Let's trade our.
Techniques,
because those techniques are transferable
to other use cases, and so on.
Alex actually pinged me yesterday and he
was like, hey, like,.
What did you use to get this branding
folder for one of my projects,
my weekend project I did? And I was like,
oh, it was me. And I was like, hey,
let's go back.
I can go back to Amplifier and ask, like,.
How did I do it?
Because it was one of those ones where it
was like, I was a.
Deploying some of the tricks that I knew,
you know, kind of thing.
And so I'll share in the chat real quick.
Here's the document that it created.
And so like this one isn't as exhaustive
as like we could get with it,
but it does provide at least like,.
Here's the steps I went through to get to
do this thing. I haven't baked it into,
you know, a bundle or anything, but like,.
We didn't have to. I used it.
But like we don't have to, right?.
Or like Alex might integrate some of this
in,
but like by sharing these tips with each
other, sparks ideas that people are like,
oh wait,
I could do that over here with this other
thing that I'm working on.
That's how you get consistency or that's
how you could convert this one thing into
another thing. So like,
I guess this is more of an ask for
everybody.
Like when you come up with something
that's interesting like this.
It'd be good to start collecting some of
these and share them on.
Yeah, maybe I can.
The thing that I found,
and I don't know if you went into that,
one thing that was interesting is that
when I asked to learn style for
presenting things, it did a very good job.
It did such a good job that when I asked
it to render the log.
As Jujutsu Kaisen.
the amount of violation that I got from
responsible AI was massive.
So I introduced the things to, hey,
understand that, you know,
you need to go through AI.
And that thing cracked me up.
Mhm.
So this is how AI fixed the problem.
The scene was
It's.
About one of the character in painting
the other one.
And, responsibly, I said, "No, OK, OK,
I fix it, I fix it, so..."
Yeah.
One character is in the scene with the
other one,
and they gently pierce each other. Look,
the problem was the piercing.
It is not translating in pale into pierce.
Oh, so the jujutsu Kaisen was a problem,
and then he started having gates.
You.
Through a person.
To to simplify things,
and then I had the other problem when I
went into famous stuff.
Talking to JK.
And I had Kamiya.
The moment I said that I wanted things in
the style of Naruto and in the style of
Transformer, he picked the character.
But if you look in the scene,
you're going to see that in the scene at
some point there's going to be Optimus
Prime showing up.
So you had the Kamiya from Optimus Prime
and then the Kamiya from Naruto
characters, why every character that I do.
Yeah, it's not stabbing, it's piercing.
Gently.
Thank you.
Mhm.
Gently piercing.
Yeah.
No,
that cracked me up because I went to look
But.
at the log on how they were trying to
help each other get the design through
and I said, oh my gosh, no,
this is not going to work like this.
Like the current mentioned,
the idea though,
like of of going like it's best of N and
then have it evaluate it.
Yeah.
Like that's what sparked for me. I'm like,
oh wait,.
That's kind of what I did this weekend
with mine. I was like,
make a bunch of love and that's what I've
seen Ken's thing. Too, you know, as well,
like make a bunch and then we pick,.
But you know,
using the LLM as a judge to be like, hey,
go make first round, do that,
do that a few rounds,
then eventually give me like 4 to choose
from,. But you've already like.
Done multiple layers of that.
Like these are techniques that if you
haven't thought of,
like they actually work really well.
And so we're sharing these tips with each
other. Go ahead, Mark.
Yeah,. So that's actually a good segue.
So,. So this was Brian's MuxPlex, logo,
and I, for the projects I was working on,
I was like, "Man, you know,.
I should have a logo,".
And while you know, 'cause,
I had his repo down because I didn't,
I'm using it,.
And so while I had other sessions going
on, like...
Low, no effort, you know,.
I already have my repos on.
And so I threw it at this one and I said,
make me a logo for this,
for this front door project. Dude,.
There was like 0 interaction. Zero.
Like it looked at your repo at the brand
assets and it just did it.
And so this is kind of the logo that it
made me for that.
If I drop that file in to that repo,
that might actually be really helpful.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, well,. So I mean,
it looked at the MUX flex.
But I'm saying it would even give the,
like, how we got there, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah,.
That might even be more helpful.,
But yeah, it just did that for me.
And then so I had it make one for my file
browser app.
So now I've got like a little logo for
that guy. Again, like no,
like it just did it. Like it was like,
that was cool.
And did I have a dot rendering here last
week?.
Ohh, in here.
For everybody else, I saw it.
I don't know.
Yeah, I.
Remember, if it was here last week,
but yeah,
If there is.
this thing has dot rendering as well,
so yeah,
Everything was out, Henry.
so it's like yet another dot rendering.
When this is the same thing that is in VS
Code, so it's got like...
It's basically that same thing.
So a whole bunch.
I think most of our things are.
Different takes on this., Maybe, yeah.
Some of the other ones I saw today are
Probably using that under the hood.
different, but this thing,
now I've got tabs on here,
so I could keep something open and open
another one. So.
Well, what I found,.
Because I think I'm using the same one
too,
is that like there's a certain level in
which,
like it doesn't make sense for it to
customize further,
and we all probably are using that.
And then on top of that,
there's a lot of things you can adjust.
And that's why I think our versions are
Yeah.
slightly different,
which is kind of cool to see how people
Yeah.
are leveraging it differently,
which is then kind of inspiring and being
like, oh,
what things we want to gene transfer.
So the other thing that was going on here
is I'm testing dev machine stuff and I've
got a dev machine monitor.
So I'm testing a bunch of different
topologies in terms of how to deploy Dev
machines.,
And I've been iterating on improving kind
of the recipes within the dev machine and
making them more maintainable.
Which has been a big whack-a-mole game
because the refactoring has,
there's just a bunch of bugs in YAML,
generation. And so I'm trying to,.
I'm slowly working through that and I can
get working dev machines out of the
refactor now,
but I really need to get it to the point
where it works on the first time with the
YAML generation. And it's just.
It's A struggle bus.
I think I just came up with a new
technique today to go through that.,
But at any rate,
I've got this dev machine monitor where I
can look at the container logs from here.
This is a UV install from a branch.
And it can actually see all the features.
Oh,. This one doesn't have feature links.
But this one I can actually look at the
specs for what's going on.,
So these are specs that the dev machine
generated.
So now I can actually come in here and
look at these.
I could imagine adding something to get
to the spec and edit it if it hasn't
Ohh, yeah.
started working on it.
I could imagine doing that. But so.
Yeah.
What would be cool is even not just doing
that, but being able to chat that.
Exactly. So that you're not raw editing.
Aww.
That, that, that was working. I don't,
I don't know why that's broken again.
Yeah.
I know,
within the context of a of a individual,
like inside the.
Ask Matt globally.
So right, so...
So that it's limited context-wise to what
it knows.
So one of the things I'm also trying to
work on here,
and I had taken a swing at this,
but it's not showing up yet,.
So I need to go and work on that, is,
I have noticed that unsticking the dev
machines tends to be rote.
What's going on with this machine?. Okay,
fix that, you know, unblock it.
And Amplifier can generally do that in a
lot of the cases.
And so I was trying to add a.
Background process,
since I already have Amplifier D here,
I've already got chat working.
Why don't I just add a process that when
a machine halts,
just fire up an Amplifier session,
see if you can unstick it.
You get one shot, 1 turn.,
And if you fix it, great. If you don't,
activate a chat icon on that machine,
and then I can join that session.
And then interact there.
So that's kind of one of the other things
I want to get here.
And I'm also trying to improve this
timeline view with actual status of
what's going on.
I haven't been focused on this as much,
but I'm trying to capture like what's
going on in the recipe with a little bit
of information.
So you have more visibility about what's
happening in here., But.
I'll spend more time on that once I get
the machine generation working cleanly on
the 1st pass.
Another thing that I did this week was,
so Lil kept telling me about his browser
usage for Amplifier.,
And I've heard other people talk about
their browser usage with Amplifier Brian.
Who have not shared.
And Paul sent me something I needed to do
for the S360 stuff.
And this was the explanation about what I
needed to do.
I have no ******* idea. I don't know,
dude. So at any rate,
You can get my book, man.
that explanation is for this ******* page.
This ******* page.
This is the explanation.
What the **** do you want me to do?.
So I made an Amplifier,
actually just a command line utility.
That Amplifier could call from Bash and
use AppleScript.
And that's why it's in WezTerm instead of
MuxPlex, because I just,
I haven't set up MuxPlex on the machine.,
But so it just loads a skill to go look
at the page.
So I told Amplifier to go look at that
page and tell me what I needed to do.
And so, Amplifier.
Read through it and came back with...
That's it., You just need to add this.
You need to add that to a redirect URL.
Okay, great.
Why couldn't you just ******* tell me
that?.
Why couldn't you just do that for me?
Especially because it doesn't change
anything that I have actually registered
there.
But you're firing S360 alerts and giving
me a page this long. And you didn't cover,
Paul,
but I think it's really funny that on
those pages, there's like,
contact this alias for help.
Our turnaround time is 2 weeks. Are you,
dude,. That's because your page is so bad.
Yeah.
You know, anyway.
The **** of this joke, though,
is that I don't have permissions to
change the URLs on that page.
So they're telling me to do something I
can't do. Anyway,
Yeah.
so I'm not even sure this is the right
answer, but it's kind of, you know,
just getting access to our documentation.
I think the better answer would be the
agency thing to like actually let
Amplifier use agency instead of what I
did here. But it was just a quick,
I want to try and fix this before I go on
vacation. Like, what do I need to do?.
And I just find it hilarious that it was
easier to make a browser driver for
Amplifier to understand that page than it
was for me to actually read that page.
That page is terrible. Anyway, yeah,.
They're all terrible.
Yeah, at the bottom.
I haven't found one that's like,
just like, oh,.
This means that this is what you should
do.
Oh, that's what you do?.
And the thing that drives me crazy about
it is they have all the information.
They're all talking to you.
You have the portal.
You have what my thing is configured with
just.
Help me. Nope. You need to understand.
There's a whole bunch of things you need
to think about.
Anyway.
Sorry, yeah,.
It's gonna be interesting when we start
replacing all of those assets with just
things that agency.
Needs., Yeah, yeah, all.
Of that,
all of the work of generating those pages,
maintaining those pages,
doing support for those pages, yeah,
Yeah.
linking those pages to dashboards,
creating the dashboard.
Awards can be the notification.
Or, yeah,.
Create like that full, Mm-hmm,
layer of work is.
Just going to evaporate.
Yep.
But then you still need that context
somehow to get in there., So like them,
making their systems that do the
notifications of putting the context in
Yes.
the right place instead of all of that
human circuit breaker like run around
Yeah.
there.
Yeah, oh man,.
It's just the human circuit breaker here
is so bad. But yeah.
This is Mark, kind of.
Teased a little bit there.
I'll go ahead and jump in.
I love this awesome.
So this is what I'm using.
This is what I'm using,
at least for the next week,
until I have something better.
Because I don't want to live here.,
But I got tired of all of my...
You know,
terminal sessions that I SSH'd into,
running TMUX, which is awesome.
That like if I get disconnected,
I can get back into them.,
But it also sucks to be like,.
What were those 12 again?.
SSH into each one and get that going.?
Or I was on my desktop,.
I need to move my laptop.
Which ones do I have on my desktop that
aren't on my laptop? Get them over there.?
And so on, instead, what I want is.
You can really at a conference.
Now.
That's it, just thinking, people,. But I,
like, what?
I just love it.
I just want is I just want one thing that
will kind of like work across all my
terminal sessions and be able to, like,
at a glance, see where they're all at,
which ones need attention,
and then I can decide what I want to do
with them from there.
And then it's just kind of snowballed
from there because that was the first
easy ask. And then after that,
it became more of like a one about my
other machines.
And so now that's in there too. Just.
Go install.
It. And so on.
So what's handy with it is I got it to a
point.
Now you can just UV tool install it.
And I've been kind of looking at like,
how can we improve?
The delivery of these kinds of tools for
people so that it's easier to do,
to make sure that it's in a good state,
make sure that you have a good way to
both check that and to also then update
it to make it easy for if it's going to
run locally, like, you can just hit it,.
But if you're going to run it and open it
up to your network, that you can do that.
But then it also puts in at least minimal
security,
so that it's just not exposed to
everybody on your network.
And then also making sure, like,
if you wanted to run it as a service
versus something as long as like all of
those kinds of things. And so, like,
we've seen it in, like, you know,
what Paul's done with, you know,
the stuff in the distro stuff,
what Mark's done with his Pam work.
We've done it with a few other projects.
We've seen bad examples in the app CLI,
like that's not how to do update,
you know, things like that.
And so like getting it to like a, here's,
you know, a state that is like,.
This works reasonably well.
And then what I've now done is I've tried
it on a couple different experience
things that I've built.
And so like resolve also has a version of
this and so on.
And so I'm collecting from those kind of
the best of.
Into like 1 skill.
That way it can be more of like a, hey,.
If you're going to create something like
this and you want to share it out,
you could use that and it'll just like do
all of those.
Things for you so that you don't have to
walk it through. And yeah,
and on that note, that Front Door thing.
I didn't really explain,
that's just that I showed, that was a,
that's an app that's.
For my headless machine,
it shows everything that's running on
that machine,
but I have to register things with it.
It has a skill and a bundle with it that
actually understands it.
It's got a bunch of those practices.
Brian is talking about.
I've been trying to collect the ones I
come across that are in there,
just like that. And.
It's interesting because one thing I'm
noticing, Brian,
I.
like MuxPlex has a service install and so
does Distro. And Distro,.
I made some updates to this week to
improve some of its service install
posture.
I need to compare it with the stuff that
I had in front door.
I was able to register it with my front
door thing as a system D service.
And with Max Plex as well.
And I actually have the configuration for
that saved as like a known app in Front
Door.
But I'm finding that when I update those
things,
that the process with System D isn't just
a smooth, you know,
when you do the UV update.
So I'm trying to figure out like,
how do I make that smoother?.
So this has, yeah,
this has to work for all that.
So if I do an update right now.
Which is funny when you're actually in it.
Oh, enforce it.
It has its own update.
Right. And.
So what it's going to do is it's going to
go ahead and do the install. And so on,
and it also just stop the service that
I'm actually attached. To., Oh, no,.
I'm on a different machine,.
So that one actually worked. Well,.
Everybody's disconnected from that
session.
Tossin.
Forgot to click on.
That. Yeah,.
That job thing I had to do is like a
self-update thing that I did.
It was like for the Mac.
It's interesting how you guys did.
So,
but what it did though is it actually
stopped the service and then it installed
through UV install and then it restarts
the service.
That's what.
That's what we need for distro.
And then, so it just makes it really easy.
In fact,.
What's funny is I did this one from a
different machine than the machine I just
updated,
but it's when I'm on the machine that I
do that,.
It's funny because it'll just go
Yeah, yeah, I'd love to.
reconnecting, and it'll be about a second,
and then it'll come right back up.
And so it's been really handy for that.
And so I've been pushing updates as I go,
and it's been nice because then each of
my machines pop over into them.
And then now that I've added support that
I can see, like,
if you saw that list back there,.
Each of these are tagged.
Like,.
Yeah, while I'm on my Alienware R of 13,
like there's my Spark One,
Spark Two machines, my Alienware R of 11,
and so on.
And so I kind of see across all those as.
Well.
Container solves all of this more
comprehensively on a different.
Level too. Sure.
Yeah.
I'd like to,
I was researching a little bit,
but I haven't tried it yet, but Podman.
System D.
Yeah.
Is like a layer that I think would be
interesting because Podman allows you to
execute and run all these containers
without an actual container runtime.
Right.
So anybody can use it without needing to
have Docker installed.
And then the system D integration uses
System D services to like execute those
containers.
And so then what you'd also be able to
have then is instead of needing to do
like just UV stuff,
it can literally do a Docker image.
Full step.
From anything that we publish,
and we can publish them all in our repo.
So the ability to like install and keep,
and then like the updating is just free
with all of that,
and the execution and runtime and the
like connection to the system,
the and all of that. So,.
And I think it's a very thin layer.
And it's just a matter of, like,
reframing in our brains like what we're
Yeah.
actually deploying.
David's got a skill that's got some of
that in there from when he was working on
So.
the first pass of standing up the
resolver or the resolve stack with the
things that he was doing that was outside
of it. So too.
And then we've also got a container
bundle would be might be a good place to
plug some of that into.
But yeah, I agree with that.
That's also another.
I think having the options, I think,
is the thing that I'm also interested in
too. I did some stuff with some resolve.
I've got a node-based, you know, solution.
So, like,.
What's the right way to do a similar kind
of thing with that as well,
which with containers that you don't have
This is why I'm saying this.
Is the reason why?
I'm suggesting containers,
because it takes all of all of that
to?.
entire layer of agreed and deployment
configuration and build out and puts it
in a in a spot that is completely
flexible for all this.
Yeah,.
And then there's also the times when we
don't have computers or even like, and so.
..
But like that?.
Like, when in Windows itself.
It does have container support through
WSL, right?.
No,
I'm saying if you didn't do it through
WSL, if you did it through Windows,
there's an integration.
Not there's Podband integration,
but I think it's integrated into Windows.
I'm not sure without,
I know for containers you gotta enable
virtualization and everything else and so
on.
Tune Windows.
No, it's just integrated into WSL.
Like WSL kernel has it.,
So if you have WSL.
Right,. But even for WSL,
you have to have virtualization enabled.
Right, and for people who don't have...
Not for containers.
Containers are not virtualization,
they're just...
But Windows has a virtualization feature,
is what he's talking about.
That you have to in order to use contain
to use well to use Docker at least,
and so on,.
So that's something I mentioned, yeah,
And even WSL,
WSL requires you to turn that on.
WSL requires it too,.
So I'm saying for people who don't have
And the Windows feature for
virtualization is what we're.
WSL, so.
Talking about.
And then you gotta also make sure your
BIOS is set up properly for this one.
So there are, there are.
Yeah.
It's a hurdle for a lot of.
Windows users. So when you're,
which isn't an amplifier,
like we're solving for like building,
because we already have that requirement,
like you guys, everyone does it.
But what I'm saying is like some of these
things where we're using amplifier to
build something that could be given to
users who are, I don't know,
who are less technical,
not installing WSL, things like that.
And you know, so on, like,.
There's those scenarios,
there's scenarios where,.
Yeah, I mean, one scenario is an iOS app,.
Yeah, so I can do that with.
A container, right, right,.
Yep.
So,.
So anyways, I do like all the options,
I guess is my point,
and so I appreciate all that.
Um...
And then like I said,
that's not how I want to work longer term.
So resolves coming along nicely.
I've got a version that is out there for
those who want to take an early run at it.
,
I will drop step-by-step instructions
later today that have the like install
this and install that.
Because right now you've got to install
the app., So if you want this UX,
you install this app,
and then you've got to run the actual
service that's driving it all.
But I've got to a point where it's now
able to, Susan David's Gideo work To,.
When you go to create a new.
Instance allow you to configure your
workspace,
what sub-modules you want to load into it.
,
So you've got the environment to start
from. The dot Powers pipeline is,
you know,
one that kind of kicking the tires a
little bit on,.
But.
It's consistently getting to the end of
that process, going through and surfacing,
you know,
when it needs that human attention.
Otherwise pretty much running on its own.
And then at the end, being able to,
all of the results are stored in Gidia.,
So there's some quality of life stuff to
still finish up around the things like,
you know, these names are not useful,
just simply saying what resolver was
being used at what time.
Not for me to come back to them. So like,
there's things like that that I'll get
cleaned up here, shortly,.
But I was mostly focused on like,.
Get it working, first.
Yeah,
that's I'm at the same place because it's
Then I'll take those.
like I see all those statuses from that
machine that I'm like,.
Yeah, so, so right.
That's not helpful,
but I think working is first.
So that's one of the next things.
I'm coming back to before I get into
Yeah, yes, exactly.
improving the pipelines.
So we will be taking a pause to do that.
If it hadn't been for some of the
anthropic issues earlier this.
Week,.
Which I mean, the cool part, yeah,.
I guess we got a nice call back for
overhead loaded,
but I would have had that done.,
So it's working.
I've got three different sessions now
working at three different layers,
getting some of these things.
Wrapped up, but yeah, I'll share that out,
but it does, it's still working.
I've been using it to build actual things
with it now.
The other thing it does now too is it now
preserves everything that's done in the
container, external to the containers,
so that after the fact,
if you want anything that was in there
and so on, when you clear an item,
which I don't have support for yet,.
From the side,
you can choose now to delete all that.,
But that way you don't,
like if something went wrong in the
middle and you, like the container's gone,
like it's okay.
You still have all the files,
all the logs, everything else, and so on.
And so you can recreate the container,
resume, and you know,
if you want to use it, revisit, you know,
like there's all kinds of ways that we
can use it. So.
That was an interesting learning because
I hadn't necessarily planned on doing it
that way. Yeah, it's working., But yeah,
this approach to being able to go like,
okay, bring in my repos.
And what's interesting with the dot
powers,
one is the very first step is not what do
you want to do.
It's a,.
It surveys that environment and it
figures out like what all is there and it
comes up with a guess of what you might
want to do.
A little torn on where we want to,
like maybe that's a good thing that make
optional or whatever,
but it's been interesting because when I
when I draw projects in there and it
comes in, like a lot of times it's like,
that's generally the right direction in
here,. And so it means less context.
I have to provide,
which has been which has been helpful.
It's been neat watching the difference
now between this version running off of
the amplifier powered attractor versus
the actual strong DM attractor,
because the difference between running
amplifier under the hood of it versus
coder Gen. theirs,
means you get all of the amplifier
capabilities also with that.
And whatever you bundle in with it,
and so on.
And so being able to see the impact of
those, you know,
capabilities and what it's able to
leverage. And so, you know,
the various agents and, you know,
things like that that we bring in,
if you choose to bring that into your
pipeline,
and it being able to leverage that.
Gives it a little bit more like getting
what you're used to getting out of our
chat experience,
out of it than just a straight call.
But it's neat because it's still that
broken down, each one of those blocks.
I go back to diagram.,
So each of these blocks, you know,
you're able to control the context that
you want passed into, you know,
along with like the task you're asking
you to do. And so it's like having a lot,.
You could potentially create more like
you're having a lot of little mini
amplifier sessions at each step of the
way., And so you've got a lot more.
Like it can run for multi.
If you can tell it,
go off and explore like all of these
repos and do all of these things and
engage with these agents and all that as
like one request and it'll go do all of
that as one block and then you know,
move on to the next result.
And so I'm finding it very interesting
because now you can do.
You know,
stitch a lot of that all together.
Very easily.
So you kind of work at a different level.
I think one of the next things that will
come after this, and this is where, like,
as I'm making the shift to like bringing
Dev machine in here properly,
like it's in the list right now from an
older pass I made at it.
I'll have to work on a send port so that,
like, as you guys keep changing,
Yeah, yeah.
keep bringing in the updates.
But it is nice because you can again see
that visualization and you can see where
the, but you can also then, it makes it,
you know,
a convenient way for you to like at a
system level, go, oh wait,
we also want to add in these,
like here's the problem that we,
this area we get hung up on and then kind
of brainstorm.
And this is where like what Paul's
working on with the system design stuff
Yeah.
has even been able to do.
Feed these kinds of things in and be able
to,
or even when you're starting it from
scratch,. Being able to, you know,
think at that level.
Because I think that that's really more
of the level that we're kind of pushing
ourselves up to, you know,
is working there because a lot of it is
like if you get those parts right,
then the rest of it,
like the system's doing a great job.
Of like banging through solutions. I mean,
we see this with super time. It's like,
if you get the brainstorm session right,
the rest of it, it's like, it's autopilot.
And so this literally lets you turn it
into autopilot.
So yeah, I'm gonna get out of that,
all my terminals to replace with this
within the next week. Here. So how?.
It looks good.
He did another thing related to this
where it was kind of an extension in beer
like.
Area setup thing where it like creates a
work workspace. Yeah, workspace. Yeah.
Is this a graphical version of that where
it's creating a workspace?
So workspace, so kind of,
so workspace concept, the idea of going,
hey,
I want to create a working directory and
then check out some other, hold on.
Yeah, I do that.
That is my process that I do it. I just.
Do it manually. Yeah,
a lot of people were doing it.
Yeah.
I was doing,.
I've been doing it for a long time.
It was the first thing I think I demoed
with the new amplifier back in the day.
And I turned it into my amplifier CLI
tools repo that had the amplifier Dev,
command line tool.
And it was pretty opinionated.
It increased my team, all that.
A.
Couple of people asked me recently. About,
like, hey, do you have it?. You know,
someone and I pointed back to the other
and I realized, I'm like,
it's gotten useful enough.
It ended up being part of the layout for
this particular approach.
And So what happens now when you,
at least with this particular resolver,
each resolver, you can decide.
Like how you want to code it.
So if you want to experiment with
something different,
you can write a resolver that doesn't
even have to use dot graph.
It could be whatever.
I think a neat one would be like one
that's just an amplifier session that
runs other amplifier sessions. You know,
basically could orchestrate superpowers.
Yes.
And it could be like, you know, I mean,
that doesn't have to be this.
And so we've got that abstraction.
But in this particular one,.
The mental model I had in there was like,.
Let's make a working directory that is at
least a local Git repo.,
And then you check out all your other
projects or the other repos that you're
interested in as sub-modules.
Some of them may be more like reference.,
Some of them may be like,.
This is the thing you're working on.
All of your artifacts can sit outside of
that. Or.
In the case of Dev machine,
like Dev machine works different.
Dev machine,
the workspace is at least the way it has
been.
Like all the artifacts say that that is
part of the like how you rehydrate and so
on.
And so it can use whichever model you
want., But because yeah,
I made that workspace idea a little bit
more concrete in here,
one of the other things I put out this
week was amplifier dense workspace as a
repo.
Where I took my empire Dev,
cleaned it up a little bit,
made the whole second-half of like,.
If you want to use my TMX config and all
that kind of stuff optional.
But if you want to use the rest of it,
and it's all configurable,
like you can choose how you want your
workspace environment set up.
That's worked really well for me for also.
Then tying it back to Max Flex.
Because what I did then is I made the
ability to...
Customize the commands that you use for
creating and destroying A TMX section
from the web UI so that I was able to
then drop in those commands as a template
so that I get the experience I was having
on the CLI now from just the button
clicks in the UX.
And so I've been testing it with that and
it works really well.
So,
which is great for if you want to do
those, like firewalls,
something that's more for the purpose of
getting a particular task done,
and then blow it away when you're done.
That flow works really well,
and it's supported in this approach.
Did.
That answer what?
You were? Yeah,.
I'm still just confused on resolver.
Yeah.
And resolve., What's the question?.
Resolve and resolvers.
You've explained it like 3 times.
No.
I just have a hard time listening,.
I think. Yeah, so.
Resolve,. So in this view here.
This box here to here to here roughly is
the view into a particular resolver,
which is saying like, hey,
I got work I want to get done.
It's the technique I use to get it done.
In this case here,
I've got a resolver called dot graph,
which is basically a tractor.
It allows me to represent strategies for
doing something in the dot graph format,
and then run it almost like a recipe,.
And you know, run through that dot graph,
executing the different nodes that have.
You know,
it could be like different LLM call
agents, it could be, you know,
code and all that kind of stuff.
Hey, where do you kick this off? Like,.
What?.
So the outer frame is resolved.
And so that is more of the framework for
being able to go, hey,.
I've got the ability to create a new
instance. And then from there,
I would pick from the various resolvers.
I only have one loaded right now because
these are all plug-in.
And right now I've only got 1 plugged in.
But you could create your own.
I've already got.
Four other ones that were more
experimental test ones., So when.
You launch the instance,.
And since that's where.
Where it gives.
You the kind of...
Like the UB,
like that first run experience of like
deciding which graph you want to use and
then executing that graph.
So in this case here,
the only dot graph is my only resolver,
otherwise I'd see the rest listed here
and I'd pick which one.
But because I only have one loader to
stick me right into dot graph.
And then in dot graph,
because dot graph has the support for
like multiple pipelines,.
Now we're into the UX for dot graph
itself. And so in this case here, yeah,.
I can load. In fact,.
One of the things I'll add is the ability
for you to upload one as well.
But then they would come in here and you
would, yeah, configure it as you want,
and then be able to launch the instance
of it. And already,. This is the old UX,.
There's another one that's got a newer,.
This one's got a new one,
where it simplifies.
That. You know,
I'm seeing a pattern of some emergence of
like we're building something a lot of
times they're platform of things.
And even what David was actually saying,
like, hey,
anybody who wants to contribute a little
piece of the thing that I'm building,
Yes.
like, we don't,
I don't know if we all have a really good
way of like contributing a little
extension of piece or mock service or a
dot graph.
Thing configuration to your system. Like,.
I think that might be an interesting
thing that we should have. Yeah,
make it easy for anybody who is
Good mechanisms for, you know,
in practice or...
interested in your thing, yeah,
not to own your thing, but to, like,.
So, I did.
That a variation of the thing, yeah.
Contribute to a plugin.
No, it's a.
Good one.
So I did it at the resolver level,
like each resolver.
So if you go to the command line for this.
Like a marketplace thing, as I was.
Thinking, right?. So,.
If you go to the command line for it, um..
.
AB.
You can add resolvers,
so I can go to a resolver.
OK.
And so, like, each of these, like, again,
we're using the use the the the getting
HTTPS, because of the fact that these are,
you know.
No.
Python, or yeah, Python package,
so you can just do the install from them,
and So what I can do,
so it doesn't resolve resolve itself
doesn't come with any resolvers,
and even the one that I just showed you
there is a separate repo,
and I can load those in,
which also means though that anybody else
can create their own,
and you just add them through the
resolver add.
Command.
And so that allows for all of us to build
more. And even within that,
like I realized this morning when David
was talking earlier, I was like, oh,
first of all, I should now,
I'm going to put the DTU stuff inside.,
But really what I want to do is I want to
run the whole stack inside the DTU so
that I can run, because I've right now,
like these three sessions here.
Are all working on different pieces of
the overall stack.,
And I have three full stacks running
right now. I was like, Oh yeah,
I should do that inside the DTU instead.
It would be cool,
but that's going to be kind of weird
because it'll be the DTU running the
thing that's integrating the DTU after
getting into what's DTU?,
The Digital Twin Universe, sorry.
So that David downloaded earlier.
Oh, yeah.
We invent terms, and we dispose of terms.
Yeah, I know, but will.
DTU is not our chair. Yeah.
Yeah.
We, we borrowed it.
Some of us remember IoT, right, Molly?.
I do ask that people don't, like,
it's fine if we use the acronyms in kind
of a conversation,
if people are generally aware of what
they are. So thank you, Paul,
for asking what that was.
But I ask in code,
please make sure you're expanding these
out,
because it just sounds sort of like they
didn't have to like.
What is that again?.
That's an interesting thing.
We should encode, and the team makes,
Oh, it's.
like, look at, as we're generating code,
is it like, yeah, yeah.
Already an amplifier,
so amplifier doesn't,
but we tend to override that.
Although.
I do see, though,
that crusty old engineer always gets
turned into Coe for me.
So, I just,
I gave in and I was like finally asked to
Let's go.
see it be awesome, which, by the way,.
If you guys haven't used that,
that thing works awesome.
How and when should we use that?,
What's that? When should we use that?
I think that's part of system design.
I've got to have that guy around.
For me, I'm always like,
whenever it's doing something,
especially like in brainstorm or any kind
of technical decision or whatever,.
Yes, it is one of them.
I'm like,
and run it by Coe and other agents.
System design.
I want to.
I wanna do that right, like this thing.
Right, to get another opinion,
and then it comes back all the time with
like...
Yeah, all these guys,
all the agents come up with good ideas,
and then the crust field engineers are
always like, "Yeah,. These are all fine,
but like, keep these them right,
" and it kind of does, which.
Do you just prompt it or do you just
forward slash demand it?.
Is don't need me anymore.
No,
I just tell it like and ask because it's
a skill that's on demand. I can do it.,
But that's part of what Paul's working
into his system design stuff is to take
some of that.
We need,.
We need a graphic for that to show up.
Okay.
Also, we need, we need crosshale engineer,
and then we need the Gray beard, guy,
like, and then we.
Maybe you're the same guy. Well,
not necessarily, maybe.
Need.
Gray Beard's more like wizard,
low-level kernel, and the,.
That's alright, fair enough.
Yeah, I'll take that.
And the crusty engineer is just the guy
who's worked on so many teams with so
Jaded.
many projects.
He's just like tough on for it.
I love the description of the.
Game,
but it it does a good job as well of
Ha ha.
catching all of these, like, come on,
like, yes, that's cool,.
But like we've already learned that
lesson before, don't you, right?.
And.
It does. It does.
It does reign in some of the more
ambitious. Yeah, it actually works.
That's why I was like, when he said That,.
I was like,. How's it work? He's like, oh,
I know I've been really...
. I was just joking. I'm like, no,.
It probably worked good.
No, no, no,
I immediately downloaded it and started
using it and I was like, whoa,.
This actually works really well. It does,
it does actually temper a lot of the like
ambitious, like, oh, we could do,
and it's like, no, don't do that.
Sure.
Yeah.
You need a Cutler mode on it.
Now., Which is nice when you ask,
you know, and go like, do that and,
you know,
ask the various experts and so on.
Like it comes back with like, it's done.
Some like creative thinking and like gone
in different directions.
And then that kind of does bring it back
into like, yeah,. But also let's be real.
And so it does create a nice balance.
If you wanted to just like have that do a
first pass on everything for you as you
go.
I've been impressed with,
as much as it was a joke,.
It's quite useful.
To my workflow, yeah.
Uh, you gotta add the scale,
which we don't have,
so it's gotta gotta download it and put
it in your, yeah,. Let's go forward.
I go, yeah, I guess.
Yeah. You want to go? Yeah, yeah.
He has undergo., He posted in the chat.
He just posted in the chat.
Oh, I'm sorry. There's a list. I didn't.
I didn't read. I didn't.
Read the list. I just I just found it. OK.
I added it to the list.
I didn't say. Oh, thank you.
I'll go at the end.
I'm going to go upstairs because my
computer is going to dation. OK,.
Okay, so, no, no, no, no, no,.
You go first. That's why,. If I walk out,
No problem. So,.
Are you going to go first?.
I have a question.
that's why.
I'm gonna go like 2 minutes after you
just to.
Okay, so very well work with you. Yeah.
Um...
Yeah.
Always on the listener.
OK, thanks.
I, I,.
I don't think about it until like an hour
and I'm like,. Oh, yeah,.
We should make a list and then...
Okay,
if somebody thinks about it in the future,
weeks,
like throw it on in the first minute or
two.
Mm.
Yeah, so yeah,.
So I've been working with Chris.
We are going with this approach where I
build my own app,
but it's all the playground for the
features that we want to build for the
canvas app, the larger app.
So I try and test it out here and then
give him an ML spec or a dot graph
representation of quantity that he can
use itself into the main app.
And this can, I mean,
and my vision is also leads to a
different app for me on my own,.
So where I work,
where I manage my sessions,
like where I manage my terminals,
there's other terminals and session
Manager app.
Where I, yeah, I mean,
I think I showed it to you last two weeks.
I'll give a quick update on a couple of
techniques that I've been using,
and then one is one small update.
On a feedback.
One thing is, I've been using dot graphs,
but I used dot graph for three cases.
This week,
so one was I created an evaluator agent.
Which has only the browser tester button,
no access to the code,
and ask it to go through the UI, yeah,
and click through the entire thing, yeah,
That's a good idea.
Ohh, I like that.
and then give it dot graph for the UX
flow, what it thinks his thing is. Oh,
and then my canvas,.
The code expert has its own dot graph of
what UX is,
and then it's easy to compare between the
Gas.
gaps.
Yeah, So what? A user experience, uh,.
So UX and what the heck,?
So you have those, you gotta, like, say,?
Convert these graphs if you,.
Yeah, I would like at least one.
If you're building something, that's nice.
I didn't create the loop yet, but.
Yeah. No, no, I mean, that's like.
Yeah, yeah,. That's a lot to be honest,
yeah,. Yeah,. If they port together,.
You're only one breath away, right?.
Yeah., That's awesome. That's actually.
Yeah.
Sure, enough, so.
That's one use.
Case, and the other one was,.
I always have issues instructing it where
to go look for when it's debugging, like,
ohh,. My back-end logs are here,
my sessions logs are here,.
My front-end logs are here,
so when I was trying to...
Into this feature,
I asked her to go and create a debug file.
It's kind of a recipe, recipe. Yeah.
That's the TSG.
Yeah, you've made,
you made a troubleshooting guide, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Troubleshooting guide,
but with a structured way to look for the
logs and what to look for the logs and
That's nice. That's.
what's the flow for it. Yeah,
these and ask you to follow it because
Yeah.
there's one feature I want to get to.
It's a little bit complex feature,
but I don't want to insert again and
again where to be.
You know what would be interesting?
Real quick, it would be,
since we've got the ability to convert
recipes into dot graphs,
try getting this one converted from a dot
graph into recipes.
Yeah.
And then have it write code to do that
and see if it can do that.
Yeah, yeah, most of them are the past,
so you can to get the logs to the same.
Yeah,
because that would be a useful way to
author recipes,
because then you could kind of brainstorm
together with the agent at this level,
and then be like, "Yeah,.
Yeah.
That's what I want,
" and then maybe the new recipe that then
now is being...
Like,
there's no counting on it following the
flow. Well, it is forced. Yeah, yeah,.
That'd be really useful. Yeah,
Yes.
because like, I like this,
and I would love to have it as a recipe
I need that.
instead of just a follow the.
Graph. Yeah, yeah,.
I think I can make it more general,
but this was for very specific,
this one feature.
That I have and I want to debug it.,
But I think that that's okay though,.
That's the point is like.
You can do that for anything you need and
just like check it into that project,
not a general one. Yeah,
if it's that easy. Yeah, yeah.
So,
these two are the things that I gave in
the dot graph,. So because I don't.
Think we're using recipes enough that way.
Yeah, me too.
I think so. Ordering is one of the issues,
and then I don't know if I did it,
so this is a good representation to see
if it actually does what it what I want
it to do.
So, yeah,
this was how I was going to use the
dotgrass,
and then I was trying to get this new
feature in again as a playground. So,
where I wanted to control the app from
the. Sorry,
the application role itself from the app
stand view to.
I mean, in the lean terms,
I wanted to expose the tools that Amplify
can use to manipulate my app,
so it kind of posed me a problem. Like,.
Mhm.
So I'm managing sessions inside this app,
so they'll have their own bundles,
and then I need to expose a bundle for
the app itself,
which will overlay on top of.
The session one B.
It's kind of an app bundle,
but I don't want to.
We don't want it to apply to all the
sessions in general,
Yeah.
so that was a problem. So,.
I wanted something like Amplifier use
bundle A, comma B, where it can do that,.
So I don't think that App CLA has this
approach now,
but I wanted something like that,
but I saw that.
While you're mounting the bundles,
you can also take in environment
variables into consideration and do an op.
So,
what it was like when a user starts a
session inside this app itself,
there's an environment context it has,
and then when you start to mount to it,
don't mount these bundles, you're not.
In this environment,
so I'm trying that approach to get to
that problem.
I still have to test it if it's working
that way, but...
Yeah,
I just added one action called open file.
For now it's a.
So one of the use cases that I want to
get to is a visual brainstorm,
where I talk to the brainstorm inside the
session,. It opens the right pane.
So I have a file viewer and I have an
artifact viewer on the side.
So when I talk to it,
it opens the right place and then it can
talk to me in the same window.
And.
That's what I want to get to, but yeah,
I'm still, this is still.
In the hub.
Early phases of it.
Right now it can open a file.
What was the challenge again that you
said when each session you want specific
bundles? Yeah, so.
Right now, here, so it's easier to,
in a describe or I think in a daemon or
something,
you bundle both of them together,
create an overlay bundle or a composed
bundle and send it. But for the app CLI,
I wanted to.
Because my agent here is App CLI,
I wanted to achieve the same thing with
App CLI.
So my session is using a,.
Let's say I'm using amplifier Dev.
And if I had bundle use,
but I also need to add some tools that to
it that my app has.
My app has a tool called Grove Actions,
Grove Actions,
which knows to post events to the app
itself,
so that it can use SSA and render it in
the app,. So I can't combine these two.
I don't want to do an app bundle because
those tools will be exposed for the
sessions which are not inside the app
also.
So, by the way, go ahead, because...
Okay.
Because each of your sessions are a work
tree, right?. And in each work tree,
you can have your dot amplifier,
project level configuration,
or you can just inject which bundles do
you want.
Then you're modifying the source code.
I guess you have to do settings local.
Yeah, all runtime, right?. Yeah, runtime.
I mean, you just configure it,
because then now your session is what you
It.
want.
Yeah, yeah, helpful.
Yeah,.
Yeah,. So we did that before loading.
Yeah, we all, so you are, like, say,
on the runtime,.
I could make a settings for local,
which overlays between. That's come. What?
The, yeah,.
That's one of the technical use,.
But it felt a little bit,. I don't know.
When I, when I start the session, it says,
"Ohh,.
I loaded this overlay bundle for you.
It felt a little bit for me,
Yeah, I know.
but it's one of the techniques, yeah, I...
Yeah, I don't need to expose it outside,
but I just felt confusing.
I just tried that as well,
called overlay bundle,
where I compose what user has given me
and what I got,
and then put it and put it.
In settings.
Overlay Bundle is a distro term,.
It's not a.
The FCLI uses the app bundle term.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly,
but it overlays on all the sessions.
Okay.
Ohh, you can.
Apply it just to the to.
Yeah,. So it's usually at the dot,
the the project level document file
folder,. Then it seems here,
because it's all work trees.
Yeah,
you can do the directory with either
settings at if you wanted more assisted,.
The dot local is the same thing,
it's just meant for like you.
Get it. Remember?
What we did for the Workspaces 2 project?,
That's the way.
But, but I say the other thing too,
though,
is keep in mind it is really low effort
to like spin up a CLI that does what you
want it to do as a new thing.
If you just really wanted to engage with,
like, I want to chat with a bundle,
you know,
that's been converted on Mountman and
engage that entire session.
Like, that's not the complicated part.
What's ugly about the CLI and all the
extra complexity is all of the things
that we're doing around, like,.
Here's how to handle all the different,
where you're located in the file system
and how to do, you know,
dynamically load things and splint to
other sort, all that. Like,
if you don't need any of that,
which in most cases you don't, like...
You can just point to a foundation,
but like we have an app integration guide
in there and like asking it to build
something specific for your need when you
explain what the need is, like,
it can build a CLI tool that doesn't do
all that other crap from those examples,
that's really clean comparatively, yeah,
and so like when I did the open cloud one
where I was like...
Make a client for the open claw to be
able to use is part of its skill,
like it just like one shot it all,
and it was an image for.
Really, well, and interest,.
And that's the direction I want,
what's the topics in getting to the new
CL? Maybe just, so yeah,
you're talking about another way, other?
Than similarly, it's all.
The other stuff that we're doing with
that CLI that is really the...
More challenging pieces that have gotten
a good over time and things like that.
Like if you strip all of that out and
you're like, if you know, like, hey,
I want to use these providers or these
bundles and here's what I want to do.
And so on, like, that's the easy part.
And so we can have a prior session that
you can engage with,
that you can have whatever experience.
And so for something that you wanted to
do more dynamic.
Like having it do that under the order
inside of it, like that's the easy part,
and so you could then take this.
Easier to rebuild the CLI to like,.
Yeah.
Which is why I keep saying, like,.
We're not working on the CLI because,
Intuj.
like,. It's easy enough to go do,
you know, a different approach.
I have a full-featured version.
Yeah.
That's because I was like,.
I mean, what distro's doing, like,
it's like, don't use,.
They're not using the CLI,
they're using some pieces from
foundations, using the same model,
and so the app integration guide in
Foundation is just like a survey of about
10 different ways in which we plugged app
amplifier sessions into different
experiences.
As examples, so that that way,
when you're like, ohh, wait,
the app CLI is not the only way, like,.
Here's a bunch of other way,
and it helps to for to be able to.
Like, like, know.
How to do,
and even if you stick to the app CLI,
I guess.
easier to customize and make an app CLI
for this part.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Read that link that did you just send it?.
Yeah, I sent it. Yeah, I know, like,
I mean, Manoj talked about, like,.
Eventually they're gonna have their own
Well, but yeah, eventually.
version,.
But now it's quicker for them to work
this way, yeah, to get everything set. Up.
Yeah, exactly. So,
this the centerpiece is, so.
Do you know what?.
Know, not gonna working well then.
Okay,.
No,
I was just trying to say the feature that
It.
I worked on is to control my app,
and then yeah, and open the file,
that's all, got it, that's.
Cool., I'll just be really quick,.
So like we kind of keep referencing this
amplifier, this canvas app.
I'm not actually building it right now.
What I think the pivot that we've made is
we've reframed this as Amplifier Canvas.
And basically,.
You're not changing what Amplifier does.
We're creating a visibility layer that
allows us to kind of fold in all of our
work into a UX.
And so like, what I,
1 observation that I have for myself at
least is like I have multiple projects
running.
I look at everyone's screen and like
everyone I talk to kind of has something
like this where we're self-managing all
of our projects.
We have multiple sessions for each
project.
Everyone does this a different way and
the amount of energy and effort it is
just to manage. What?
Amplifier is doing for you is a challenge
today.
And so I've taken a lot of the
observations that we've had building like
the first version of Workspace,
second version of Workspace, Canvas,
hearing what all you are doing.
And then the first assertion that we're
making is that I'm just kind of get out
of the way of.
Of light.
For now,
the easiest transition is everyone's
using Amplifier CLI.
Someone should go rebuild new versions or
multiple versions of CLI.
Once that is there, like,
we can have all of those,
you can actually just have a drop down
and choose the one you want. But for now,
to make this really easy,
and my ask for Manoj is build something.
Like,
make sure that you're working full time
in this tool before you ask someone else
to use it, right?.
And so that's kind of like one of the
assertions. But what I've done is like,.
I'm also testing a lot of these new
processes.
So what one thing I've done is I've tried
to build things iteratively and then
things start to fail over time.,
And So what I've started to do is like,.
I wanted to write the whole story out
first.
And to kind of get a better understanding
of like what it looks like.
And So what we're doing here is like,
right in here,
I've just actually asked AI to build,
like I've created this act scenes model
and through a storyteller and just saying,
hey, like this is the,
like I kind of wrote up,.
This is what the acts are,
this is what the scenes are.
And then here's kind of like the design
framework and the component library and
just go build this.
And so it did that for me.
I had to do some very minor tweaking,
but I probably built all of this in a day,
right?. Maybe 2 days of work.
And so the story is, is,
how do I get started?
Like we often ignore this,
like how do I get going?
The bar that I said is like,
if you know how to use CLI and you use a
CLI, this is just additive. Like,.
It's not going to harm anything that
you've done. And so like,
what are Act 2 is about running my
Amplifier CLI session,
adding some extras on top of that.
Then how do I,?
Once I have like 1 project with multiple
sessions.
Like that,
how do I do that today and how can we
improve that?.
The next thing is I have multiple,
I want to manage my entire project.
So I have one project with multiple
sessions.
The third thing is I have multiple
projects running.
And so if you kind of just look through
the UI and then I'm actually in the
architecture phase of this.
But basically,
I can just run CLI from this tool.
When we get to this CLI tool, though,
what Vinoj and I are going to start to do
is like,
how do we connect this Canvas workspace
UI to my CLI sections? So for example,?
Like a very simple thing is like,?
Hey, like I want you to open this file.
And so like,
we all have our own file viewers and it's
like popping up all over the page.
You have like 4 terminal sessions,
but it gets contained in this project
space. So now I have for each project,
I could have multiple sessions,.
I could have files open up in the session,
I can get an app.
Preview, I can get an analytics tab,
I can have changes tab.
And the point of this is you can have an
infinite number of things,
but your project is now contained in this
one workspace, right?.
All running through the CLI, right?.
So here is like, for example,?
I could just view what,
like what's in my local host,
directly here. So.
You know, some people,
you can always just choose to, say, no,.
I just want to open up in a browser,
which is fine.
But if you want to see this all kind of
contained,
and the nice thing about it is this is
all file system based. So like,
you can start to have like,
like as a user,
you can start to manage the context about
what's happening across your sessions.
Etc.
So that's kind of the first act or the
second act, around, hey,.
Now I like I can use CLI and I have these
tabs on the right, which is my viewer,
which allows me to access information in
one space. The third act is about like,
well,. How do I manage my entire project?.
My prior project is not just this one
session.
So we have multiple sessions,
kind of like Manoj, who's sharing.
And like the interesting thing that he
does.
And I started to do is I kind of build a
to-do list, right?.
And so there's almost like, hey,
like within this project,
there's four things that I want to go do.
I can create sessions for them.
They can be broken up into work trees.
And like now my planning of my project
isn't managed through terminal.
It's kind of managed through this like
left.
And you can switch back and forth between
the different sessions, et cetera.
I'll.
Just keep going.
We can kind of go through what you can do
in these tabs,
but like there's a lot of things.
It's pretty much infinite.
The other thing that we have here is like
now I have multiple sessions.
There's context across my sessions and
how do I manage the context across my
sessions?. So like, for example,? Like.
There's this overview section that is
just basically keeping a running list of
like, hey,. I've had four sessions,
three of them today,
Okay.
seven of them two months ago. Like,.
How do I make sure that like, like,
what is, what is,?
What does AI think my session is doing?,
And how do I kind of manage that?.
I can look at the stats across my
sessions. Again,
this is just all TBD context.
And then also,
like I have all these sessions running,
like how do I,
like right now when I go to amplify or
resume, like man,
like there's like 40 projects,
hundreds of sessions. It's like,
can I start to organize all of my
sessions across this one project that I'm
working on?
Can I go back and resume those?
Can I go ask questions about it,
et cetera?
So that's kind of like thinking about how
do I manage this one project across
multiple sessions.
Now we have multiple projects running.
How do we go do that?
What's the problems there, right?.
It's really about attention management.
So now I have a bunch of projects and
it's really about this left pane.
I kind of debated,
but I actually think this left pane,
I'm going to make it default open always.
Non-collapsible. And so the goal is, is,
how do you make that useful enough where
it earns its keep, but not distracting,
right?.
And so some of the things you could start
to do is you could start to just see like,
hey, like, what is it?
And I don't know if this is perfect yet,
but the job is,
is I have a bunch of stuff running.
What do I need to,?
Where do I need to shift my focus?
What needs my attention?
What do I actually have to go do?
And how do I go kind of manage all of
these projects that are happening on the
side?
And so that's kind of where I landed
right now.
And I think that there's different ways
we can address.
This,
but also like what happens when my
projects are like stale?
Like I have a bunch of projects and I'm
like, man,. I did this four weeks ago.
Like it's still kind of there.
What do I do?
How do I close this session or end it off?
And it would be nice for me to have
something that's helping me.
Close off or finish my tasks and projects
so that they're in some sort of clean
state, right?.
So that's kind of where I'm at right now.
I'm actually starting to,
now I think I have, like,
I don't want to keep just doing this,
but this is also informed by me using
what Manoj is building.
Like I'm using that.
And I get frustrated by it. And I'm like,
hey,
like I wish I had all of these features,
but at the same time,
like when you use it,
it's a little bit different.,
So I'm just trying this thing where
instead of building one thing at a time,
what if I gave it a little bit more
context and why don't I give it a little
bit more context?.
Visual understanding because it helps me
think through what I want., But also,
it's built under this premise that if AI
knew what I wanted, it could build it.,
But it doesn't know exactly what I want.
Maybe I don't know what I want.
And so this is a different approach to
building that I wanted to test out.
I did the same thing for my Ridecast app,
and it worked really well.
And so like, I'm using that RideCast app,
I listened to 4 podcasts on the road,
and I built it using this same approach.
I'm trying to take that same approach on
something bigger.
So having wrote a line of code,
all I wrote is I did my doctor-driven dev
set up for setting the vision,
the outcomes. I...
Started to use your UI vision bundle,
but I kind of pivoted to my own thing
where I just wrote the product storyboard
out. That took like maybe an hour.
And then I had it build up the component
library of the pieces I want.
I used a lot of what we had from other
projects and what Manoj is building.
And then I had it write this whole thing
out. So next step is to do the.
The architecture for it.
I'm asking it to look at Minoj's
architecture.
I'm asking it to get your distro chat
architecture doing comparisons.
I wanted to build the dot graph.
It already has done that before I even
build it and then go through the planning
build stage.
So that's where we're at with this one.
But this is the this is really an
accumulation of like a lot of people's
works,
like how do I manage bundles across a
project, across multiple projects,
across this session?
Like we can start to give users a better
understanding of what's happening and how
to manage it through this service.
I didn't see what you were doing with
bundles on there.
I didn't, I didn't show it yet, OK.
How do we get away from bundles for users?
, Yeah, no,? I'm asking you because, like,
.
That's never meant to be a user-facing
I think, I think so that again,
it's not the word bundle,
thing.
but it's the what the bundle is doing.
Like, for example,?
The question that I have is like,.
If I want to use like,
that's that thing that like the the.
The the the old man, the the old man guy.
Code.
The.
Like,
do I have to do anything for that to work?
Ideally, no. However,
there are trade-offs that happen.
And so for the uninformed user,
it could be like, just use it,.
We'll figure it out., But like,
inevitably, especially more and more,
you could find out like how to optimize
your system. And so I do think we should.
Provide layers of visibility so people
can do what they want to do,
they have control,
but it also just works for everyone.
Right,
so bundles is meant to be like a very raw,
like you're exposing,.
It would be like the equivalent of a band
like, hey,.
I'm going to build this website using
these node packages,
but you can swap out and use a different
node package, you know,
which is not what we want to normally
Exactly.
give the users.
But Paul's got, you know,
or I don't know who did it,.
But whoever did the dashboard for Discro
has a really nice, you know,
representation of this and like going
like there are features that you can
toggle on and off and there might be some
config options.
And really what it's doing is under the
hood of it.
Sam did that.
Yeah, that was a yeah,.
I am not Samuel.
But we gotta like what it is doing under
the hood, yeah,
it's leveraging the bundling mechanism,
you know, to do those kinds of things.
I think you still had some good feedback
on it in terms of like, well,.
What are those things?
Because we're not really surfacing that.,
So there's definitely UX improvements
there. Right,.
I think,
but the idea being like that shouldn't be
something that we're, hey,
that was never meant.
Right. Yeah, I agree.
To be done. I think bundle will go.
Away at some point. I agree.
It's a.
For my investigation,
it's really just a reinvention of
packaging mechanisms that are already in
either UB or Docker Compose types of
Already.
things.
And what we really want is the agent file
that says which behaviors you want.
You want to package up those behaviors as
either services or.
Sure.
Individual processes or something,
but those behaviors you want to be able
to say like, yeah,.
In my environment I have access to all of
these different kinds of behaviors,
and I want to run an agent that I want to
I will think that.
run an agent that is composed of these
behaviors. Figure this way.
That's what you.
Actually, so, like, the idea,
the idea of bundle is infrastructure
Have.
Yeah, your place is one, just a minute,
I mean.
level, yeah, yeah,.
I'm thinking, so the reason,.
The reason I'm building this too is like,.
And it's not, it is beyond it, so...
I think that I am working kind of like
I'm still working and I think a lot of
people who will want to use Amplifier are
still going to look at the UI and
interact with something where they can be
like.
I can toggle this on or off and I can see
what's happening,
Yeah.
and I feel like I'm in control.
That's what I'm saying.
That is the thing we want to see,
but just get rid of that whole exposure
of bundles.
Yeah,.
So there's the bundle exposure here.
As a. Yeah, bundles,
the way we use bundles today is kind of
like as a packaging mechanism.
And so if you think about it as like
All this.
things that you toggle on and off,
like we're bringing in, we're setting up.
Like the total capability of all the
sessions that we possibly can do with an
amplifier loop right now.,
And we're bringing in a bundle as a way
to like add that to the universe.
And then the configuration of which one
of those that you want is the level that.
You're at. I actually see it as.
The way I think about it is more like a
marketplace, so...
Imagine like someone built this really
cool infographic builder and like,
it's not the amplifier version of it.
It's just like a third party one.
Or I built my own. How do I safely?.
Add that in so that I can use those tools,
right?. And like,
should we be able to do that?.
And so bundle is a mechanism for doing
that for individuals.
And I think people will still want to do
that.
Well, it depends, like you just said,
if it's not an enabled thing, so,
for example,? No, no,. So I mean...
No, no,. So I mean,
it's not like this team hasn't built it,
but like someone else built the tool that
like works.
Well, I'm saying, like, for example,?
There are a bunch of really good skills
out there, for example.,
And so we have a skill loader.
And so you can use those third-party
skills and bring them into your
environment and leverage them.
Yeah, so,. And there's things like that,.
Yeah.
Just like integrations with other
services, yeah, all those kinds of things,
and none of those are those aren't
bringing,
requiring them to put them in bundles or
wrap.
Them in bundles.
Correct, correct. Yeah,.
That's one way you could do that.
Sorry, Molly,
it took longer than I thought.
That's OK.
Yeah.
Ready? Okay.
Yep.
Let's do that.
Let me make sure I got the right screen
open.
This far, my mom is not showing up.
I see.
Whoa, the share screen option changed.
Maybe because she joined in the room and
then it doesn't show.
Optimized for playing video and content.
This.
Yeah, it shows me.
Sure, can you guys hear me?
Yeah.
I can hear you.
Okay, then.
And I see you on my screen.
All right,
we're trying to figure out which window
Okay.
I'm sharing. OK, share. OK, you guys see?
Ohh, great. Oops.
It.
Yep.
Oh.
Yes.
Let's get this thing started over.
Okay,
I'm going to start with one of my stories.
It's going to walk you through one of the
things I worked on.
I worked on two things this week.
Primarily, there's the product side,
and then there's the process side.
I'm going to talk to you a little bit
first about the process improvements that
we did. And in general, FYI,
if you don't recall,
I'm working on a Nexus project with Alex.
And Mark Licata.
Okay,
making our projects intent machine
navigable.
This is building the documentation
communication system because ultimately
that's what docs are for,
especially in an agent-centered world.
We need to be able to communicate to
agents,
they need to be able to communicate to us.
So one of the challenge that happened is
that earlier in the week,
I gave a document to have Alex review it.
And he came back with great feedback.
And some of that feedback was vision
material that I was aware of,
but I realized Alex wasn't aware that I
was aware of it because it wasn't really
covered in this document.
And so there's this extra work that's
going on.
And as we start moving further and
further on this product,
We've got vision, we've got feature specs,
we've got architecture,
we've got planning,
and there's files are mixed with things,
files are missing things.
How does Alex or someone else get the
context they need? And I'm like,
this is going to become a blow up problem
really soon. So decided,
can I create with the design intelligence
system?
One,
a good communication documentation system
for this project that I can deploy agent
or agents, recipes,
whatever on to streamline this process.
Here's the system that the design
intelligence enhanced and researcher, etc.
came up with with me.
We've got seven different document types.
There's an information flow. It's not,
this isn't a strict flow,
but this is just how it's thinking about
it. So feature specs cross architecture.
And so there's a very opinionated view
and the researcher did a really good job
looking cross domains on what are
pre-existing standards that different
industries use.
for documentation and communication and
why do they do it and what would make
sense for this. So we have a contract,
we're using front matter,
and it's a navigable graph,
but humans or agents can trace this.
But really the focus though is to be
agent first design.
I'm not creating this for humans to read
this documentation, I'm creating this.
so that I can hand it off to an agent to
take information, disperse it, update,
create documents that we need based off
transcripts, discussions, et cetera,
and we can go back and review it.
So we're not review it,
but we can query it, and it's, it just,
it works, right? Like there's, it's just.
very broad.
It's not just like a linear tracker of
here all these issues.
It's actually a graph.
And I'm not doing anything heavy.
There's no database anything.
It's simply markdown files with front
matter.
So the docs become an API that the agents
consume. Let's go into the tooling.
So and then I've also got an audit script
as well as an agent.
And this is in process right now.
I've got a recipe because then what's
next? You have this system, but one,
how do you make sure you're converging
and staying aligned with the system?
So the audit script,
which you don't need an agent for,
is just tracking structural changes,
making sure everything is working as is.
Then the agent, as part of a recipe,
would be checking for drift.
So this is one of those, you know,
is documentation,
so accurate kind of things.
And then I've also got a doc steward
agent that actually takes the information,
understands the system, and disperses it.
Continuous alignment.
And then the other part of this is there
is a bonus because Nexus is a system
we're trying to create for an information
worker.
It's possible there might be learnings
from this that we can apply to the
product itself.
Okay, so next what I'm going to show you,
so this is just what it looks like right
here. You can see Nexus documentation.
There is a communication system,
but really for agents,
it's looking at front matter fields,
how to use them, what to check for,
et cetera.
So here's just a little demo of how it's
working right now.
Oops.
Currently, when I started this, it is,
I have the Foundation Explorer went ahead
and read the communication system,
so there's places to improve here.
But what it does end up kicking off.
Let's see here. This was, yeah,
so in this case,
the foundation agent did discover the
communication system and you can see how
it's here, the inbox is empty.
But it does recognize we do have the doc
steward agent in the Nexus dev bundle.
And thankfully,
it does end up kicking off the steward
agent after I've
pass in a whole bunch of information.
So this was some info I passed in.
So go ahead. Did we get that? Whoops.
There we go.
Here we see that the doc stored agent is
getting called.
So that's good that that's happening.
It's reading the inbox file and it's
going to create from all that information
following the communication systems
that's been defined.
It's going to create all of these
different.
Let's see here.
It has, oh, 14 entries. All right.
And so then it's going to say, okay, well,
now we need to triage them.
What do we do with these entries?
Are these planning things, decisions?
Are these just vision concepts?
And so you can see all it's done is it's
updated according to a defined system.
what this should look like.
That's why I'm not using a database,
because it's able to handle itself.
Then it triages them.
So this is where everything should go.
Do we need to create a new doc?
Do we need to update everything?
And then it just disperses it, right?
And does the update.
And here's everything it did.
So that's cool.
That's what that's about right now is
what it looks like and that was completed
yesterday.
The next thing I'm going to show.
then is what was done for the product.
The focus this week was you are
conversation driven UI changes.
It's a small slice of the grander vision,
which would customize the application and
the experience for the user based off not
just what they say and the memories of
what they want, their user preferences,
but also for say a salesperson.
what information is coming in,
what comes up, hey, they've got a meeting,
do they need to switch to the screen,
should we make this bigger, et cetera.
But this was just a first slice sort of
proof of concept. So preferences,
we are not doing the settings page
anymore.
Completely getting rid of settings is the
idea.
And what the user wants to look and feel
of the app is now through the
conversation.
I don't know if this is exactly what
users say,
but it was some test material we used,
or I used. The architecture,
so I looked at doing the hook skill tool
and an agent.
I have challenges in this right now.
For example,
the skill isn't always being loaded.
Question, do we even need a skill?
How do we make this more efficient on the
back end through the session manage,
or not the session management, but in the,
I guess, the context management.
So there's work to be done there.
But on the back end,
when we get to the agent and also the
calling of the tool,
we're looking at axes of feel,
and we're also looking at palettes of
color, and I've also enabled font.
So what happens, you speaks,
agent interprets, we compute tokens,
we do a patch, the theme provider reads,
and the UI renders.
So this slide is actually kind of cool
because, oh, look at that, it got warmer.
And so that's actually something that the
design intelligence came up with as a way
Mm.
to demonstrate what's supposed to happen
when the theme provider gets called.
It changes the property and then the user
experience is a change. Now, right now,
what's going on is you actually have to
refresh the page because.
that was something I can fix later. Okay,
this is just some more information on
some of the back end design work that the
design intelligence went through and
found issues and fixed things that I know
nothing about. And so it was very helpful,
very, very helpful in that way.
We also do have guardrails in place.
And oh,
this is where we talk about the axes
aren't enough.
We actually can try different things.
And there we go, it's a conversation.
So now we're going to try it out.
This is what the app looks like currently
as default.
So I wanted to make this a little bit
engaging,
and either I can ask for it to change its
look and feel,
or I can have one of you come up with
something you would like.
What experience would you like it to have?
Anyone?
Okay, I'll just start. I need some energy.
Mm.
Ron is always the go-to.
Let's make this a 1980s neon party,
please.
It's not.
That.
Well,. That's my go-to.
Yeah.
So it's doing thinking this right now,
this ignore how this all works,
it's broken. While this is happening,
I also have a log viewer running.
Excellent.
Just a minute.
So you can see what's happening in me.
Is this the new switch session business?
FBE.
Nida.
So.
Mm.
Well, hopefully it's responding.
Does anybody else see it over here?
But it is sorted by time.
It's not good.
It's sort of the time, so this,
but I would have started this along like
way earlier today,
but this is our direction.
I don't want that. OK, well,
maybe you know what,
we're just going to start a new session.
I don't know what happened.
I didn't actually refresh this before.
Alright, there's a there's a issue.
Oh, fix its loading sessions,
or maybe it is kicking off,
See this down.
Yeah.
and I shouldn't have loaded it right now.
Is the server running?.
Ohh.
I assumed it was running because it's
been running.
Let me double check that right now.
You might have to refresh it. I love it,
live demos.
Mm.
Mhm.
Always works until you're actually
demoing,
and I intentionally made this live
because I wanted it to be interactive.
Yeah, it's hung up right now.
Maybe it didn't come up on the right port.
Yeah.
Work companies.
I'm stopping the container server and
I'll restart it.
And, of course,
it never takes this long to stop.
Maybe do a quick restart on the server.
That's what I'm doing right now.
I'm shopping the container and I'm just
Yes.
going to restart it,
but now the container like isn't stopping.
Mhm.
Just give it a minute.
Yeah, it is.
Cell.
Is this?
Mm.
Oh, we just have to do this another way.
OK, take a little bit.
No, it's still stopping.
Yeah, I have this all set up for you guys,
too. Like, it's gonna go smooth.
If you want, when we come back from lunch,
we can start.
Yeah, maybe I'll just share it then.
I've never, of course,
Yeah.
I've never run into this before,
but it's doing it now. So let's do that.
The.
Yeah. Okay, cool. Very neat. Thanks.
I'll share it afterwards. Thanks, guys.
Okay, bye.
What?. Yes.